Some background before I begin.

A little after my high school graduation, I got this girl pregnant. We both graduated and were going off to our separate lives in a few weeks. I tried to convince her to get an abortion but she did not want to get one. 

Obviously, I was very worried. I was going to attend a big name university several states away and I could not afford to risk my career. I told my parents about this and they helped me solve the problem. I deleted all of my social media accounts, got a new number, and moved to my relative's house near the college I would attend. All of this was done pretty quickly (within a week).

I'd already finalized my college decisions and done everything I needed in regards to dorms and tuition so I was good.  

I've kept tabs on the girl through social media and she's been doing well. She did not get an abortion and our son seems to be doing fine. He looks incredibly similar to me so I'm not worried about the kid not being mine. He 100% is my son. My parents have also been keeping their own tabs on her and says both are doing well.

I'm graduating from college this year and my life seems to be set. I will be working with my father's company and i also made some great investments in the past four years (notably in cryptocurrency) so financially, I am very well off. 

I want to try and see my son and possibly try and get partial custody but I'm unsure how to approach this. My parents live int eh same state as them both so I won't be alone.

I'm not sure how I should approach this at all. Should I get a lawyer or will it not be necessary? What should I do first?

Locations: My son lives in Michigan and I currently live in New York


NEWPOST:
So I came back to Michigan and am currently living with my parents. I decided to talk with an attorney and just told him about the whole situation. He seems like a good lawyer but he told me that I will probably only get visitation for a while, if at all. I told him that I will try to reach out to my ex and then get back to him.

So I did. I tried searching for my ex's phone number but I couldn't find it. I decided to contact her via Facebook instead. I made an account and sent her a long apology telling her how sorry I was and how I was ready to make up for everything and be a dad. She did respond but she told me to fuck off. 

I sent her another message asking if he was my son (just wanted confirmation) and she told me that I was the "sperm donor" and not his father. I did ask if there was another man in the picture and she said no, so I won't have to worry about that.

After that, I asked if we could meet up in person or talk on the phone and she said no and told me to never contact her again and then stopped responding to my messages.

I'll be meeting with my lawyer tomorrow and will have him file for paternity and then go from there. My parents are also supportive of me reaching out and are helping me every step of the way, so that's great. 


NEWPOST:
My husband and I lost custody of our daughter to my sister. Our parental rights were terminated on the grounds of abandonment.

I left my daughter in care of my sister back in 2013. My husband was offered a job outside of country, but I did not want to take my daughter along because she has medical issues and had just started school. We had a guardianship agreement and we were supposed to come back to the US the following year. However, my husband's contract was extended so we stayed.

The custody battle started in 2016 when my sister tried to receive government aid for my daughter. I was ordered to pay child support, which I happily did. My sister wasn't satisfied with that and petition for custody again in 2018. They terminated our rights this year. They claimed we abandoned her because we had not seen her since 2013 and paying child support did not count as being a part of her life.

I really want my daughter back and we plan on coming back home to the US either later this year or early 2022 for certain. Is there any way I can regain custody of my daughter?

Alabama/UK


NEWPOST:
Throwaway for safety even though she does not use Reddit.

Context: North Carolina, married 1 year, have a 1 year old child. She wants to go through this separation process and then divorce process without a court involved and very civilly. She wants me to help her move out with a smile on my face and be happy for her etc etc. I was blindsided by the divorce and have been rather devastated for the past months since the conversation was had.

Problem: Since the conversation she has been going out on the town every Friday-Saturday with her coworkers and coming home between 2-4 am. She typically goes from work to bar on Friday and then leaves in the afternoon on Saturday. One time she was "too drunk" and stayed the night at a friends coming home at one in the afternoon the following day hungover to the point where she spent five minutes with our son and then immediately took a four hour nap.

Tonight our son started choking. I don't know what, he was in the crib and hadn't swallowed bathwater/didn't have a bottle in the crib etc. I called her and was sent to voicemail and then followed with a text stating that there was a problem. This is my first child and I'm an only child with little to no baby experience, she also only has our son but claims she raised her siblings, naturally I thought she would have some sort of knowledge that I am unaware to.

The phone call was incredibly one-sided after she acknowledged and returned my call THREE hours later. The call went as follows:

/attitude/

"Hey, is everything okay?" Her"It is now, i was really freaked out for a while." Me"What happened?" Her"X was choking" Me"What was X choking on?" Her"I don't know, he didn't have anything he could choke on... that's why I reached out to you. He stopped breathing and was turning blue" Me"You're his father, I don't see why this involves me, can't I get just ONE night out with my friends?" Her"Blah blah I'm upset she said she wasn't concerned with our son and is staying late and is now committing to a long night blah blah"

There's more but I feel it's less about our child and more about our awful relationship at that point.

She hasn't talked to legal advisers as far as I know - but she's planning on attempting to take a 72%-28% without talking to a lawyer and just moving out. I don't know if I can live with myself if this somehow happens... What do I do to prove she's a terrible person and unfit primary guardian?? Help?!?  


/e wording


NEWPOST:
* [Original](https://www.reddit.com/r/legaladvice/comments/82tfbo/my_grandmother_left_me_a_sizable_assortment_of/)
* [Second](https://www.reddit.com/r/legaladvice/comments/831hse/update_it_appears_there_are_a_lot_more/)
* [Third](https://www.reddit.com/r/legaladvice/comments/840dc8/update_went_to_my_mothers_house_and_dropped_off/)


I thought I would be all good to go and I wouldn't need to post again so I deleted the throwaway I used. Well, it turns out I have no self-control at all when it comes to money. Instead of waiting for my wife and I's divorce to be finalized, I went over to my mother's house and tried verifying the gems and seeing if I can get a cash value. I checked with quite a few verified sellers and jewelry shops and the entire stash is worthless. They are all either fakes, broken, or have little to no cash value. This is honestly the most disappointing thing in my life right now, apart from, maybe, my wife. 

It is what it is, I guess. My wife and I's divorce is going pretty well. I spoke with my wife about the divorce and thankfully, she wants one as well. We weren't getting a long and I cheated on her so its better to get a divorce before she finds out and tells our kids. Thanks for the advice everybody.


NEWPOST:
So basically I don't know the details, just that last night there was an ambulance and a lot of cops and a fire truck at my neighbor's house. They were there for hours, but I slept through most of it.

This morning I received the following voicemail: '[Me], this is Detective [him]. I'm calling in regards to the ISIS flag which you hung in [neighbor's] yard. We believe he was murdered as a result of a hate crime by another neighbor, who we have in custody. We need you to come in to have a conversation about your involvement in this." Then some instructions on what to do next.

Do I need a lawyer? Should I ignore this call? I can't afford a lawyer, so can I have one be appointed to me? What kind of charges could I be facing? 


NEWPOST:
(She is in PA, I’m in Florida.) So far I’ve been paying my ex child support for two years. Visiting my kids she told me that she has been saving up the child support to try and afford a better place to live. She also confided in me that she plans on using the child support for her upcoming car payment. I found this disturbing as my kids lacked summer clothes and she insisted I stock her place with groceries during my visit. To make matter 100X worse she allegedly got a dui. Her saving the child support is disgusting on its own but I’m afraid these funds might go to pay off this new legal matter she has on her hand. What should I do to protect myself and my kids.


NEWPOST:
Hello all and welcome to my post. Which of coarse you are able to see why I created…

 Six, count them SIX times I have been pulled over for driving without a license within the past decade. Please, before you leave, allow me to dig in to what I hope serves for good entertainment if not helpful advice on my end. 

TO BEGIN!!! I am 31 years old, a father of one but a father to three beautiful boys ages 15 12 and 4 months. Along with their STUNNING mother, they create what matter most to me in life. They have opened my eyes to behold a deeper meaning in life and allowed me the opportunity to grow and develop into the man I never thought I could be…Spoiler alert:I’m an ex-junky 🤪 prolly walked around looking like this half the time 

Yes folks, you heard it true, from the ripe budding age of 12 I began to experiment with narcotics and soon developed into full on addiction. From 12 years of age to 29 years of age I fought. Sometimes we’ll, sometimes poorly. Sometimes I won, sometimes I put myself right back where I started. Always as a result of my own decisions. The addiction had its say and still does to this day, but I no longer feed its punk self what it wants. I learned that it stays much much quieter when I feed it what it hates. Love. Commitment. Humility. Integrity. Compassion. 
Well, during my addiction, or rather a period of sobriety, I managed to put my life on track. Left prison and cleaned up. Started a landscaping and lawn care company and was on my way! On my way to a speeding ticket which I received for speeding 15 mikes over. It was Sunday, I was with my (then) lady, and we were garage sailing. Big hill. Cop at the bottom, we’ve all been there. So he pulls me over, I get a ticket, i go to the hearing and am found guilty. I get a letter in the mail requesting my presence for a special point hearing. I had 6 points on my license and had just gotten it back the previous year. The points examiner recommended I apply for a work license and pay a huge fee. I obliged. I owned a company which required me to drive, of coarse I paid it. Well they denied me and I never received the memo. Maybe they sent it, maybe they didn’t. Maybe the post office worked at it, who knows? All I know is that I received a driving under suspension in the mail a few months later after I applied for this employment license which I thought I got. Shouldn’t have thought. Anyway here comes another dus. And a short time later I relapse. Getting pulled over 4 additional times as I stopped paying my insurance registration etc, but still drove to get drugs. IDIOT. I swear y’all just typing this makes me furious at myself!!!

But I digress. Fast forward a few years and I meet the love of my life, TWICE! My beautiful wife and out beautiful son! Unfortunately for us, we already had reserved our love for drugs and soon both landed back in prison Kyle, back with his great grandparents. I felt pain like never before. I felt my heart wrench and tear in two at the thought of the depth and reach of my latest failure. We swore we would make a change, we swore this would never happen again, we both, individually hardened ourselves and then created a plan. And paroled out swinging! 

Myself in February of 2019 and her in May of the same year! 

Since we’ve been released we have ROCKED IT! We started in a tiny one bedroom apartment and now live in a beautiful 3 bedroom! Which we have filled with laughing young ones (and a moody but lovable teenage one). We regained custody of Amanda’s son and then took guardianship over his cousin whom is experiencing the same terrible childhood as Kyle suffered through. How could we not?? I tell ya, between those two and our newest member to the family, my life is about perfect!

EXCEPT THAT I DON’T HAVE A LICENSE. 

I was pulled over leaving work last November. Legal vehicle, ran my plate. Pulled me over. 

No big deal. Just be more safe right?
No option for public transportation. 
No family to give rides.
Uber?!? You must be kidding. I would have to work to pay my Uber bill. I’m not joking. 
The bottom line is that I searched for any way around continuing to drive. I couldn’t find any. 
I actually put my car up for a month and forced myself not to drive. 3 and a half weeks in my son got SICK SICK. I drove to the store where I paid in change for knock off medicine. I couldn’t even afford ginger ale to soothe his stomach. I had never felt so low in my life. I couldn’t pay our bills where I was currently working and it was the ONLY PLACE I COULD WALK TO. Had I not promised God and myself that I would never take what wasn’t mine again I would have robbed that store for every last think I could think of to make my boy feel better. My needs were increasing. Amanda was growing and our new born was coming. 

I hopped my ass back in that drivers seat! 

I then drove. And drove. And drove. And drove.

I drove to work. To therapy. To my psychologist. To baby appointments. To take my wife to work because she also does not have a license but is under dui suspension so can’t risk going straight to jail. To anywhere you can imagine a normal family of 5 plus kitties and doggies would REQUIRE to go. I created a NEW company and although we found no shortage of adversity, we powered through!! 
And then the last two weeks happened. 
Pulled over in after leaving our pediatrician. How could I have forgotten the inspection 😢 
Pulled over 4 days later on the way to work at 230 AM. Why the fuck is my tail light broken. 
Pulled over a few days later on my way to get the parts the car needed to take to the mechanic. And by a cop whom I have a history with from my hometown. How can this be happening, I’m so efed. 
And finally today. Regular Tuesday, I work 40 hours from Friday to Sunday and my wife works four tens Monday through Friday. We can’t afford childcare so we eliminated our need for it. We’re struggling but making it work and still so deeply in love that every day is a gift! Every struggle only a pending victory!! Our baby boy begins screaming. Bloody. Murder. I have never heard him sound like this and over the coarse of the next half hour watched his go back and forth from completely fine to blood curdling screams with tears. I finally got ahold of my wife and decided to go pick her up early and go to the dr. Our son has quieted some while in the car but was still crying loudly. Before I had left the house I had to make a decision. Drive my inspected truck which is horribly unsafe for my baby as it’s a single cab or drive the uninspected Honda and have my sons ride in the back to try and soothe the baby. And of coarse, I get pulled over for my inspection. 

Without going too much into detail, I’m losing it. I’m not losing my recovery, f that. I’m losing my mind. All I want to do is love and care and provide for my family and I’m fully aware I’m in the wrong. I still drove BUT WTF AM I SUPPOSED TO DO?!?!

Every time I get pulled over I explain my position to the officer. I’m honest. I don’t lie. And I always ask their advice. You want to know what I get? What absolute gems have been dropped on me? “Well, ya got to just get through it”
“Call your legislature”
“Why don’t you use public transport? No bus line? Uber then”
I have gotten a whole lot of “sorry that sucks” I don’t want sympathy, I want to not be sent to jail for striving every single day to improve myself and mt families position in life. My kids deserve so so so much more than I can give them but for the love of God I can’t even take one of them to the doctor without worrying I may be pulled over. It’s affects them and it’s so wrong. 
Whatttttt dooooo i doooooooo?


NEWPOST:
Due to reasons I am unable to share and believe me, this is the worst struggle of my life, I am having to put an option on the table that I never thought I would have to consider. I am not asking, nor want to discuss the ethics of considering such decision. I struggle enough with that already. Please respect this request and consider only adding to the conversation directly responding to the questions.

I am reaching the end of my rope and am unable to co-parent my child of 6 with my out-for-revenge-ex spouse, making my life a living hell, every single day, just for his/her amusement. One day I am going to snap and I will end up in jail, or one day, he/she will be successful in one of his/her attempts to  entrap me and I will end up in jail. Either way, it is a shitty situation, and I need to be as far away as I can from my ex. I am a victim of severe emotional abuse.  (read more about NPD and the victims of their abuse and you may begin to understand why I am even considering this such a radical option.)

&#x200B;

Question: assume I moved overseas...tomorrow? Next week?  and moved to a small town in EU? Anywhere. What are the legal consequences of me leaving my child behind, unannounced. (US Citizen, able to get residency anywhere in EU).

\- The divorce process left me broke, with next nothing and assigned most of our assets to her, so I know he/she wont have trouble supporting him/herself and our child. I still intend to keep paying my child support obligations, but I am concerned that salaries in EU are far lower than in the US and I may not be able to pay the full amount, especially if now he/she will have 100% of the custody.

\- I  also know that most EU countries offer reciprocal child support enforcement laws that can be enforced upon their residents. How much are these treaties enforced?

\- Can he/she go to court and say I abandoned my child without notification and strip me of my rights to see him/her again till my child is 18 years old? Can he/she change his/her name, so I am unable to track him/her, once he/she is an adult?

\- If I do leave without obtaining a mutually agreed up on plan and court approved parenting plan beforehand, what are the legal ramifications?

\- Will I have rights to visitation? Even if I "abandoned" him/her? I understand the courts (and the world) would not look kindly on such action (and only the few who have been victims of NPD abuse, could understand)

\- Have other's done this? Is there a checklist of steps to take?

\- I don't know what else to ask, as I have just begun to consider this, but it is starting to seem as my only way out. What else should I take into account?  I do not want to break the law, and definitively do not want to be some sort of fugitive nor wanted by authorities.

\- Do I need to find a Saul Goodman?  A lawyer of his caliber? Anyone know of one? I need a bad ass lawyer to answer so many more questions I have.

I am scared and do not know what to do. I feel disgusted by even asking this question, but I must have it ready as an option.

&#x200B;

TL;DR: NPD ex-spouse is going to eventually be successful getting me into fabricated legal trouble for her amusement and I am sensing that I may need to leave and be as far as I can from him/her as I can.


NEWPOST:
In the divorce agreement it stated she had to change it back to her maiden name. It’s been 3 years and she still hasn’t. We found out that she has a child and the father isn’t in the picture so the child’s legal last name is ours. Well our last name isn’t a very common one or at least the way it’s spelled isn’t. My brother is just done at this point and doesn’t want to deal with it. Is there anyway that I could sue her to make her change her and the baby’s last name?

Edit: my main concern isn’t with her having the last name it’s her child and any future possible children she may have having the last name, she is the exact type of person to try and sue us over some stupid bullshit involving the child’s last name being the same as ours. She’s already tried to sue my brother over something which was later thrown out. Idk what he won’t talk about it.


NEWPOST:
Okay I really need some help. I also apologize in advance for the length. I tried to put as much information as I could. So my ex and I have been on and off since October when she cheated on me. I broke up with her when it happened but still gave her the opportunity to explain herself and say what she had to say. I was devastated because I seriously loved the heck out of this girl and never felt like that with anyone else before. So a little time passes and I forgive her and we give things another go. Except right after the first time we slept together again she found out she had herpes and confronted the guy she cheated with and he denied having it. So of course she questions me and I never had symptoms or anything but still went to the doctors and had to explain everything which was terrible but the doctor told me if I never had any symptoms before it was highly unlikely from me. But still I had guilt and felt like I had given it to her. Except the guy finally admitted to it after saying he’d go and get checked. 

She had originally met the guy at school orientation I believe because they were both orientation leaders and they spent two consecutive weeks together and she broke up with me late June of last year when she went for it. Then a week after she gets back home she breaks up with him and comes back to me. So things were great from then on until October, until she cheated. We got past it and fast forward to June of this year when she has to go back again. She started acting very distant and she sent me 3 snapchats with him in them her very first day which just made me feel terrible. I told her that if she was planning to do the same thing she did last year then just be straight up with me and tell me if she’s talking to him behind my back so I can walk away before I get too reinvested again since she had just broken up with me and gotten back just weeks before. 

I dealt with super heavy depression every time she broke up with me and it was like every time I started to find my happiness without her again she’d come back and tell me how much she loved me. So she was telling me that it was nothing and I had nothing to worry about but it was like 9pm and she said she was playing a game with the other leaders and she was “so sorry and would text me in a few” so I waited up for hours but I had work at 6 so I fell asleep. I woke up to see her with a bunch of texts a little after midnight talking about I should be trying to pull her harder and she shouldn’t even be talking to me after all the times I’ve hurt her feelings. She said I shouldn’t be able to tell her not to talk to that guy and I was being controlling for saying that even though I just told her it was either me or him pretty much. So when I woke up at like 4:50am still half asleep I got super emotional and sent her a bunch of texts talking about how she has no idea what it’s like to be hurt considering how depressed I was and wanted to end things for myself at one point which I know is not the answer but I can’t explain how I felt during those times and just wanted it to stop. 

So this is where I fucked up. About a month before I had known a certain family member had kept what I remembered to be a gun in their closet and I was at a low point and grabbed the gun and just sat there crying. I talked myself out of it and really told myself that I had to figure it out because I knew I wanted to live I just wanted the pain to stop. So I took a picture of it so I could remind myself later on in life when I was truly happy and just be thankful that I never did anything. Here’s my biggest mistake, I sent the picture to her just because she tries saying that when I tell her I struggle with that she thinks I’m just lying and trying to manipulate her which I’ve never lied about anything to her. So she didn’t take it well when she woke up and responded because she just started telling me that I was being abusive by sending that and she told her dad and he called me while I was at work and left me a voicemail saying we needed to talk. I started having terrible anxiety at work and I asked my ex/girlfriend why she told her dad and she said  I sent her a pic of a gun so she had to. Then she said she didn’t like me anymore and it was over. I just apologized and tried explaining to her that in no way, shape or form was that meant to hurt, manipulate, scare, threaten her or anything at all. It was me trying to get her to understand what I’ve been through and how badly I’ve been hurting and I still always let her back into my heart after it. She never answered my apologies and I left it at that. 

I think a week later goes by and I see that she was looking at my social media stuff so I sent her a message just telling her how sorry I was again and how much she meant to me and I know I make mistakes but I’ve always been good to her. She told me to leave her alone and she didn’t want to be in a relationship or be friends with me at all. So I asked her if it was because of the picture or something before and she said it was the picture. I just told her how sorry I was again and then I checked out her page and I saw that she had posted a picture of the kid she cheated with only two days after that night and tagged him so I messaged him and honestly did lose my temper and don’t even remember exactly what I said but I definitely told him I wanted to fuck him up and he’s a piece of shit for giving her herpes and I should have talked to him way sooner. I said like let’s meet up sooner than later or something Idek. It takes a lot for me to get angry and lose my cool like that but I was so pissed that I never even called him out months ago and then he came back and was talking to her again. 

So then I messed up again and made an instagram account named “_____WithTheHerpes” and the bio said his school name with his first name and just last initial. I also wrote “I like to sleep with guy’s girlfriends and give the gift that keeps on giving. Yes I have herpes” and I put a generic photo from the internet of a herpes outbreak. Then followed random people from the school including him. So I got a text from her saying “take down that fake profile of _____. If not then I’m going to take this to the police.” I said why so you can be all over Instagram together posting pics and you don’t want people to know the truth? So she blocked me and her dad texted me telling me I was not welcomed anymore at all and they had already sent screenshots of the gun and the Instagram profile to the police and a restraining order was coming my way asap. I responded when the page was down and said please don’t do that because I don’t want anything on my record especially because I graduate this fall and will be applying for jobs. I said I’d never contact his daughter again and I was sorry for everything. The next day I get a call from the police while I was at work to come into the station or they would come to my job or house. I said I would come as soon as I got out of work and I got served an abuse prevention order. I’m freaking out and don’t know what to do. 

The court date is one week and I’m scared to talk to my parents or anyone about it for that matter. I have never ever ever threatened or laid a finger on her. Never have I ever thought about and I never would no matter what. Even when she told me she had herpes I was nothing but supporting and told her that it didn’t change who she was and even if I couldn’t be with her again romantically I’d always be there for her with anything. So I’m terrified of what’s to come and don’t know how to prepare for court or if I should get a lawyer or if I should could just prove to the judge that i am no threat to her whatsoever. I have no issue bringing in full pictures of text conversations with context of everything. I in no way threatened her and literally explained right when I sent the picture that I was depressed and wanted to end it for myself. Do I honestly need a lawyer for this? The officers said that things like this happen all the time and I really don’t think that there’s anything that she could say that would make the judge think I’m a threat to her. 


tldr; my ex who cheated on me, got herpes and put me through emotional hell with on and off breakups, started to repeat her past tendencies and I told her how badly it’s hurt me and made me depressed and wanting to end my life. I sent her a picture of the gun I had in my hands at one point which actually turned out to be a very real looking BB gun but explained that it had nothing to do with her directly and just some suicidal thoughts I had. I literally told her if she planned on talking to the same guy that did this to us then I just be straightforward and tell me before I let my guard down and fall back into depression. She tells me she doesn’t want anything to do with me and I just apologized and left it at that for a week. Then I messaged her apologizing again and telling her how much I missed her but she said she didn’t want to be friends or anything anymore. So I messaged that guy and went off on him saying how I was gonna fuck him him up and I should’ve a long time ago. And he’s a piece of shit for everything he’s done. Then I made a fake page called “____WithTheHerpes” but never used his photo or full name. And said “I like to sleep with guy’s girlfriends and give the gift that keeps going. Yes I have herpes” then her dad texted me telling me they sent screenshots of everything to the police and a restraining order is coming. Which they really did file and the hearing is in a week. Do I have any chance of proving to the judge that it’s unnecessary for an abuse protection order and I don’t pose a threat to her or anyone else? I just want this all to be over at this point. I should have moved on a while ago.


NEWPOST:
Freshman year, I hooked up with a girl. Complete rando, and we didn't even exchange numbers. I had no idea what her name was and we didn't contact each other until spring of next year. Then by chance, we both happened to meet again, and she recognized me and told me that she got pregnant (and had the baby) and I was the only guy. I gave her my number and told her that I can't take care of it. She told me not to worry about it and that her parents were. We went out a few times but had no chemistry. She eventually got a boyfriend and stopped talking to me, and I put the entire thing behind me. It's senior year now and apparently she went crazy sometime last year, got into drugs, got arrested for shoplifting for money to get drugs, and then attempted suicide. She's alive but her attempt left her permanently mentally disabled. Her parents contacted me and said that I have to pay child support. Do I actually need to pay? My parents don't even know about this, and I have never even nor ever wanted to meet the baby. 


NEWPOST:
Long story short, I am late in my pregnancy, too late for an abortion but I no longer want this child. The father (unmarried) knows I’m pregnant and actually wants this child. However I am a fairly high income earner (he’s not) and I don’t want to be on child support for the next two decades, and honestly we’re not on good terms so the thought of even coparenting is infuriating. Can I legally give up this baby right after birth without the father’s consent? In Florida I have 7 days to give up the baby to a safe haven and it could be done completely anonymous so both I and the father cannot be identified.


NEWPOST:
My divorce decree says I just have to pay $350 a month. Doesn't say how or when. For the last 5 years I've been paying by check but one or two bounced and she is refusing to accept them now. She is asking that I pay via ACH or electronic transfer or check through my bank. She refusing to take cash from me.  

Since the decree doesn't stipulate, I'd like to pay her in change as a statement. Like when I drop my kid off just hand her a bucket of change for exactly $350. Does she legally have to accept that if the decree doesn't say how I have to pay her?

What happens if she just refuses to take it?    


I've done this with creditors before and they have always taken it. 






NEWPOST:
I am in Nova Scotia Canada.

To get specific I made a mistake when I was young and left his mother because I was not in any position to raise a child. She never pursued child support probably because she didn't want anything to do with me and knew if I was giving her money then I would want to see my son. We were never married. I was 19.

Anyway 20 years later I get a letter from my son who I have never spoken to and he is telling me I owe him thousands of dollars in backpay. I guess he wants me to pay for his college. Well I have two young daughters now and I am happily married and I couldn't pay him even if I wanted to which I don't.

He is threatening to involve lawyers etc and raising a big stink. He claims that because his mom raised him by herself for all this time and I never contributed anything it is "right" for me to chip in now. I do not believe he has a leg to stand on but I am just making sure. I do not want to hire a lawyer unless I am at risk in which case I will do it.

Thank you for your help.


NEWPOST:
The children are 5 and 4 and he's their legal father and pays child support. I want to take a life insurance policy on him to make sure that if something were to happen to him, the money will be there to support the kids. Of course I'm happy to pay for the policy myself.

I talked to him about it and he said he does not consent, out of spite. We divorced two years ago. 

Given that me and the children have an insurable interest in his life, can this be done without his consent, or perhaps through a court order requiring him to consent?


NEWPOST:
My wife and I divorced 2 years ago. We have a six year old. She has primary custody and I have visitation. I am suppose to pick him up on Fridays at 4 but today I had to go in two hours late and work for someone ( I work in retail). I told her a few hours ago when she texted me to make sure I was coming today that I wouldn't be there until 6:30. The custody order in the decree say 4 and doesn't say anything about lateness. I get him 3 weekends a month for a total of six days a month. 

My wife says she has plans tonight for a work event in another town and she only made them because she knew it was my weekend. She said she needs to leave by 4:45 to make it and will be taking him with her if I don't show by 4:45. 

It is impossible for me to leave work at 4:45. I can not leave until 6:15 and it would take me 15 minutes to get to her house so 6:30 is my only reasonable time. 

We are suppose to make reasonable accommodations to the custody schedule when we have emergencies. I consider this a work emergency. 

What are my rights here? 

She is saying if I am not there by 4:45 she is taking my son with her and I can a) either drive out to that town and hour and a half away and pick him up b) I can see him on saturday when she drives in probably around 10am 

My argument is that I am sometimes late. She knows my schedule isn't like that and 4pm isn't always feasible.  And that she is taking a kid at age 6 to a work art show. She claims it isn't that kind of adult art show and that she has to go because her intellectual disability provider workplace is hosting the show. She said it isn't kid friendly but not really kid adverse either. There will be drinking there but she said she obviously won't be drinking. They will staying at a hotel there. He will be out past 10.

My parents are out of town and can't go get him for me. 

Decree doesn't allow for makeup days so I just lost a day. 

What do I do here? 


NEWPOST:
EDIT: Thank you for all the advice, we thought it was a long shot, probably just too slap happy from driving around too much. 

My bf and I (mid20s) are passing through Vegas on a long US roadtrip and thought it would be a fun idea to get married there.

We just want to make sure beforehand  that we can get it annulled or divorced without any lasting consequences. We'd also like annullment process to be non time consuming and reasonably priced (less than 300).

Inbf we know what were getting ourselves into were both on the same page just want to make sure there's no lasting consequences, no time consuming processes and no cost prohibitive measures. 

Hes a VA resident and I'm a DC resident there's any other info you need.


NEWPOST:
I'm posting this for my friend. She was recently offered a proposal by her friend who is in the Navy to get married so that he could get benefits. He says he will give her $500 a month. She trusts his word, so it seems like a good idea... but what else is there to consider? Obviously eventually she will have to get divorced, but besides that 

How will it effect her student loans, etc.? 
What aren't we thinking about? Is this a good idea? 


NEWPOST:
Long story short, my Father's a multi-millionaire, sperm donor, piece of sh!t. I graduated high school and began University. My Father always promised as long as I maintained good grades and stayed out of trouble, my college and expenses would be taken care of. Fast forward into my sophomore year, my Mother divorced him. In retaliation to my mother, not only did my Father drop his financial obligation (that he promised) he accused me of credit card theft on a card he provided me. The card I was issued had a infinite limit on it. My Father cut off all financial help and left me entirely destitute. In vengeance and great regret, I paid my vehicle (which was in his name) off  and my college tuition on the credit card for that semester which totaled $30,000. 

It's been 12 years of hell and oppression. Im a 32 year old, single female that have made pretty decent decisions with my life and have no other convictions of ANY sort. NOT even traffic violations. I've battled guilt and humiliation from being a felon on paper. 

I was placed on deferred adjudication with 3 years probation. I was released a year and a half early for good behavior. I filed an order for non-disclosure it was granted in 2016. Its been 10 years since the arrest date.

Can anybody chime in on what my record may look like now? Does it show that it was deferred or is it entirely sealed. Much Love and thanks


NEWPOST:
Everything in title. I have nothing to my name still required to pay child support. My daughters both live with her. Where’s my first step to reset child support to nothing. From everything I understand winnings should be part mine too. Where do I start. 

Winnings are enough for her to never work again or both of us if spread out.


NEWPOST:
Today my cousin was stopped for speeding on the I-80 in California. He has multiple unpaid tickets for other speeding instances, so the cop was already considering bringing him in for it. The officer actually arrested him because he had his almost one year old baby in the backseat outside of a car seat, and now my cousin is looking at reckless driving and child endangerment charges.

&#x200B;

Is this a thing? We are arguing it wasn't child endangerment because his daughter was buckled in and sitting in the backseat. I haven't heard how his meeting with his lawyer went, but it seems ridiculous they would even attempt to charge him with this. Can anyone tell me how child endangerment could apply here and whether my cousin could actually be losing his child? Apparently she was removed from his custody and could become a ward of the state. I don't understand how this is even a possibility.

&#x200B;

How does child endangerment work in California? Can a father lose custody of his daughter because of one incident?


NEWPOST:
Hey all

I have unfortunately gotten my self into a situation with a roommate who is honestly both the dumbest person I’ve ever met and also the pettiest. 

I signed an agreement on may 9th because I was in a situation with my ex girlfriend where I had to move out asap and this is the only place I could find kn short notice that was within budget as well as cat friendly. 

I signed an agreement to pay half utilities and half internet as well has half rent which was 1300 supposedly. 

Fast forward to July 8th there is a late payment notice on the door. I had paid my half of the rent early as she had asked, and asked her if everything was ok. She said she was figuring it out, and I offered to pay the remainder of what she didn’t have so the rent would be paid which was $200. 

I was supposed to leave july 21st to NY so I asked her if she had enough to cover her half of the rent for august. Apparently that was crossing a line. I then asked to see the bills for the past 3 months as she never requested a payment, and also a copy of the lease

Turns out the lease isn’t in her name. It’s her ex boyfriends. I know. Silly me. I also find out that rent is only $1260 so I’ve been paying $20 more every month. So she owes me $260 which I told her to deduct the cost of the power and internet which from the bills j received was roughly $358 total. So $184 each? Idk whatever

Basically I’ve found a new place that’s available September 1st. My agreement is supposed to go til October 31st but one of the stipulations is paying the rent on time which she did not do. She also lied about the cost of the apartment. 

So, having to had stayed another month unfortunately, we’ve agreed I’ll be out of here by 9/9. And then this bitch decides to change the password on the internet, even though I’ve gone out of my way to avoid her petty bullshit. 

So I took the router and locked it in my room and told her that She can either pay me back the money I’m owed or give me the password. She’s threatening to call the police and I said that’s fine. 

Am I legally allowed to do this? I’ve technically paid my half of power and internet and this has now put me in position where 8 of my guppies have died since the smart plug it was attached to was on the wifi, and when she cut the internet the heater went out. 

What do???


NEWPOST:
Hello everyone and Iapologize in advance if this question is frequentley asked but I couldn't find one specifically geared to me. Here goes, going to keep this as short as possible.

We (M/25, F/31, F/2yo) moved into our basment apartment August 1st. I was between jobs and I was very lucky to get this apartment for my family and I as we were down to just enough money to get it. We move in and everything seems fine until about the third day in. We get call from our Landlord about "Perfumed Cigarettes". I figure the upstairs tenants (three apartments in a house. Basement, main floor and attic) are talking about pot so we stop smoking on the landing outside then and there. The complaints don't stop.


 Now they are saying their house is filled with both smoke and overpowering perfumes/cologne. So we take down our automatic air freshener and seal all of the vents in order to avoid any smell at all from going up. The complaints don't stop.



Now it's our electronic cigarettes that are bothering them. Apparently so much vapour has seeped its way into their apartment that they've felt the need to get doctors notes to give to the landlord. I'm not stopping. It's not illegal and I'm feeling very intruded upon because my landlord has asked me to smoke it outside because he doesn't know enough about them.



A week ago today I recieved an N5 form for the complaints above. mainly for smoke going into their apartment though. They're claiming it's drugs. Unspecified which drugs but drugs nonetheless. We've shown our landlord everything that we've been doing to tryand avoid any problems with them but he just shrugs and say "What do you want me to do? They complain so I have to continue with legal action. Unless you quit what your doing within 3 days."



WE AREN'T DOING ANYTHING. This is insane. I'm afraid. My grandmother has been here with my stepson since monday and the complaints have continued all throughout the week. He seems to think I just smoke pot with my grandmother who basically acts as a judge on both my behaviour and how we're doing as a household. (I'm trying to get custody of my 9yo stepson).



He still doesn't care. My understanding is that their comlaints will eventually lead me to court where I have to defend myself against these groundless claims. Problem is that I have a criminal record and these other tenant don't and they've been here FOREVER.



I'm scared. I don't have enough money to move. I've said again and again to come to my house when the omplaint happens so I can show you nothing is happening but he says he can't. I've told him to send the cops but they dont come yet they fill out a complaint report which looks awful on me.



Do they have to prove their claims or is the constant comlpaints and records of them going to be enough? How can I protect myself? I've spoken with them a total of 2 times. Both times I could plainly see that they were mentally unstable. One of them threatened my wife over a slight misunderstanding so I just have to assume that they can't be reasoned with. They say my e-cigerette is harming them along with pot yet they smoke cigerettes like chimneys. What can I do? Is there an upside to this? Will they lose their tenancy if shown to have made baseless claims? I've heard that during court over a dispute that I am not required to pay rent during that time, That can't be true can it?



Help! Thanks in advance.   

Edit: I will try to speak with them. It's against my judgement but that seems to be the consensus. Any thoughts on what I should try to say? I'm afraid I'll just make things worse. None of you are here so you don't know the exact situation and what these people are like. I know people probably come on here all the time trying to see if there's a way to squeeze out of trouble even if they're in the wrong and try to paint themselves in a better light but the things I've stated here are verbatim. Exactly the way they happened and it's difficult to state it here without sounding exactly what I've mentioned previous. 


 Fuck man I feel like everyone's against me. I just lost my job because some big corporation decided to cancel all their contracts and hire on minimum wage employees. I went from paying a mortgage on my first home to the situation in in now and now... Fuck it. Fuck those loons. I'll see them in court or in front of a board or what the fuck ever. I try to be nice to everyone as a rule and I will be nice to them. They'll fuck up. I know they will. I'll make sure I capatalize on it when they do.


NEWPOST:
Got back in touch with an old ex from high school a while ago and we started talking. I was in a really bad living situation at the time and I wanted out and he was still living with his parents so we decided to rent a place (2 bedroom/2 bath) together. I was gonna pay $500 of the rent and he'd cover the rest in exchange for getting the bigger bedroom with the ensuite. He lived far away at the time so I was the one who met the landlord and signed the lease and stuff and he just gave me the money for it, his name isn't on the lease at all. Anyway he came into some money, bought me a new laptop for school, and suddenly he offered to pay all the rent and I agreed, and he even wanted to pay 6 months rent up front (he thought we could get a discount offering this, and we did, actually). He'd interaced the deposit a few weeks earlier and I'd met with the landlord and signed the lease then so that's why my name is on it. It's a 12 month lease if that matters. In late September he gets a bank draft for almost $10k and gives it to the landlord and starts staying in the apartment. Then in October we both move in.

This is where everything starts to go so wrong. I was working and in school at the time but I was struggling with both and the new place was a long drive from work so I quit. But halfway through October I started wondering if the courses I was taking were even useful and after discussing it with my roommate we agreed that I'd be better off working and getting experience and going back to school in the future since I couldn't be a cop any time in the next 5 years anyway since I did illegal substances. So I dropped out and I wasn't working but we paid 6 months rent up front and my roommate was the one who buys groceries and stuff. Unfortunately I have bills, internet, car, insurance, phone, and didn't have any way of paying so I had to ask my roommate to help and he did. It sounds helpful but this did much more harm than good. I struggle with depression and anxiety and the only thing that has ever motivated me to work and leave the house has been when I need money urgently and with him just giving me money it became very hard to start applying for jobs so I spent most of the day just laying in bed and not feeling like doing anything.

In November I started dating one of my roommate's online friends he introduced me to through World of Warcraft. he lived in California. I really wanted to go see him but I had no way of paying for the plane ticket so I asked my roommate for help and he kept refusing, saying it was too expensive, too short notice, etc stupid excuses. My boyfriend was moving back in with his parents soon so I needed the ticket that weekend. I was so desperate and drunk I told my roommate I'd sleep with him and take his virginity if he bought the ticket but he refused. I told him I'd get a job and pay him back and he finally accepted if I paid him back AND slept with him so he bought the ticket and sent me the info. When I sobered up in the morning I realized what I agreed to and I told him I was never going to fuck him and that I was just drunk. He was upset and said I needed to pay back double the cost of the ticket (like $2000 or something) or he was going to cancel it so I agreed to once I had the money. I believe this is soliciting prostitution or extortion and I have text messages from this time, could I bring them to the police?

He didn't cancel the ticket and I went to visit my long distance boyfriend but my roommate started acting really really shitty after this. Just ignoring me, spending all his time in his room, when I brought company over he didn't even say hi. He started drinking which was alarming and around the end of November he got extremely drunk kept messaging me about how much he loved me and shit and I got scared and called the cops. I wanted them to take him to the hospital but they said he wasn't in any danger. When I told them I felt threatened they said they couldn't do anything since he technically lived here too and since we were exes I think they were taking me much less seriously or maybe it was my record, but they did nothing, they just left him here and told me I should move out. I don't have a fucking lock on my bedroom door and I went to sleep that night terrified he was going to break in and do something. In the end nothing happened but I've never felt less safe in my own home. In the morning I ran into him when I getting some water and we got into a fight and I told him how much I hated him and living here and he told me I could leave whenever. Then he went back to his room and started ignoring me again.

Around this time I wanted to visit my boyfriend again so I had to ask my roommate for money again. He just texted me asking how much and when I told him he sent the money then went back to ignoring me. I went for a week this time and he didn't message me at all. When I got back I almost expected to find him having committed suicide, but he was ok. All of December was a good month and I never had to interact with him at all except when he made supper or when we needed to go get groceries. I started applying for jobs and stuff and I was looking into how hard it was to immigrate to the USA on a fiancee visa. I was finally moving forward in life. I asked for money again so I could visit my boyfriend for Christmas and he gave it to me without complaint and I visited for 10 days, but on the last day I was there my boyfriend broke up with me and I was absolutely devastated, I had lost all of my goals and now I had nothing to work for again. I was getting drunk every night.

I decided to go on a trip to get over it and drove to Toronto with my roommate. We stayed for a few days and had a good time mostly but he got really annoyed when I asked for separate hotel rooms. I just didn't feel comfortable staying in the same room with him. He agreed eventually and the rest of the trip was fine. The drive back was very awkward and we had a couple of arguments and I finally got it across to him that I am never going to date him no matter what and the rest of the way he just ignored me. Now when we got back he was even more withdrawn than usual and started talking about how he was going to move out and stop giving me money and that these past few months were such a huge, miserable waste of time. This entire time he hasn't been working or in school and he hasn't been doing anything with his life. I wonder why it was such a huge waste of time lmao. I got pissed about this and told him that and he just went back to ignoring me again.

Now none of the jobs I've applied for have called back, I'm so broke I have no money in any of my accounts, I won't be able to pay any of my bills this month. Rent is paid for until March which is the only good thing about all this, but I need to know if he can kick me out or not? Like I said my name is on the lease, it's a 12 month contract, his name doesn't show up anywhere but verbally of course I agreed to let him stay and he paid all the money. Also if he moves out instead, is it possible for him to be on the hook for the other 6 months of the 12 month contract (since only 6 months have been paid for so far)? He verbally agreed to live here and pay the rent and it will be a breach of terms if he just bails won't it? And is it worth talking to the cops about the prostitution/extortion thing? Everything is such a mess right now and I really need help, thanks for reading


NEWPOST:
We live in the state nevada. Yea i fucked up here but is there any thing i could do. I dont want any involvement and shes fine with that. She said that she wouldnt force child support but wants me to sign the birth certificate and sign my rights away but id still be liable for child support. What can i do?

Edit: honestly know ill get a lot of heat from redditors but she trapped me into a kid knowing i didnt ever want any, i thought she was responsibly handling avoiding getting pregnant but she wasnt

Are there cases where child support is discontinued after a parent signs their rights away? Shes 20 weeks pregnant so we are way ahead of the child even being born

1 100% want no involvement. 100% dont want child support for me or my future wife. Im 90% sure she doesnt want me involved. And 90% sure that she will put me on the child support even though she said she wouldnt


NEWPOST:
I am very angry with my lawyer and the judge right now and I want to know how to fix this.

My ex wife and I signed a prenup when we got married. It stipulated that if we divorced, my ex would forfeit the right to alimony, child support, and 30% of the marital property (leaving her with 20% for a 50-50 split, still plenty to live on). This is because I entered the marriage with considerably more money and made a considerably higher salary (I am in a white collar position, she is a teacher). 

I thought dividing assets for the divorce would be fairly cut and dry due to the prenup, but she got a lawyer, so I got one too. Her lawyer argued that the prenup, which we BOTH signed, was unfair and illegal. The judge threw it out after my lawyer barely argued for it. He completely dropped the ball and basically just rolled over and took it. 

The judge awarded her 50% of everything except the assets I had prior to divorce, PLUS child support, PLUS alimony. It's like the prenup, a document we BOTH signed and agreed to, was completely ignored. I don't even understand what the point was since the prenup was supposed to protect me and the money I have worked hard to earn. 

I would like to know what legal recourse I have against my lawyer and the judge, since they completely disregarded the contract that my ex and I agreed on prior to marriage. I would not have gotten married had I known that such document that were intended to protect me just meant nothing. Can I sue my ex for the extra property based on what the prenup said? Can I go after my lawyer or the judge or at least report them somewhere?


NEWPOST:
[One of the signs](https://imgur.com/a/kgncMYs)

There's a vote coming up on certain women's rights, and a local church has put up at least two large signs on their property, directly in front of the church and the church sign.

I thought there was a separation of church and state in the USA, implying churches aren't allowed to take a political stance or put up signs encouraging people to vote one way or another. 

Am I wrong about this? If not... Who can I contact about this?

I should note that this is a private Catholic school + church (literally says church on their sign).


NEWPOST:
Hello legal scholars,

My girlfriend has been misdiagnosed by the mental health industry, who is using an order of the court to force her to submit to harmful treatment. I've hit a dead end in the state courts, and intend to file another habeas corpus petition in the US District court. I would greatly appreciate your insights into how to best word the "grounds" to raise. 

# Backstory

When the first hospital wouldn't let my girlfriend leave once she'd recovered from her alcohol withdrawal episode, I ran across the term [habeas corpus](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Habeas_corpus_in_the_United_States) in the Arizona Revised Statutes (A.R.S.) section on [Judicial Review](https://www.azleg.gov/viewdocument/?docName=https://www.azleg.gov/ars/36/00546.htm).  Not being familiar with the term, I consulted with wikipedia. “Oh, how useful.” (At the time A.R.S. 36-546 did not yet apply to my girlfriend, as she had not yet been ordered by the court to submit to the mental health system.)

The next day I wrote a note that politely asked the hospital to release my girlfriend. She signed it, we delivered this to a hospital employee, and I was promptly passive-aggressively banned from the premises. So I wrote a petition for writ of habeas corpus and took it to the superior court. The commissioner evaluated my filing, decided there was [prima fascie](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Prima_facie) evidence that my girlfriend was being illegally detained, and ordered a hearing for the next day. 

At the hearing the commissioner informed that the hospital had emailed to say they weren’t going to come. She further said that she’d investigated the hospital's filings with the county's mental health court, found that the hospital’s 48 hour involuntary hold had expired, and ruled that my girlfriend was to be released, unless the hospital filed a proper “petition for court-ordered evaluation”. 

I made two mistakes in this first habeas corpus case:

* I assumed the hospital’s legal department would be on the hospital's property (pre-hearing). My process server knew where the legal department was, but I couldn't afford another $300...
* I should have called the police to accompany me back onto the hospital’s property, and extract my girlfriend from their court-certified illegal custody (post-hearing).

I was attacked by an ex-cop security guard, who knew just what to say to get me arrested. I went to jail, and my girlfriend got sucked into the make-work mental health system. The petition for court-ordered evaluation was filed 3 days after my habeas corpus hearing. 

# Abandon All Hope, Ye Who Enter Here

The mental health industry is every bit as stupid as I suspected - they violate every principle and maxim that has helped modern doctors to stop [killing their patients](https://www.nbc.com/saturday-night-live/video/theodoric-of-york/n8661). My girlfriend briefly escaped after six months of palliative treatments that only worsened her tendency to self-medicate. I got her into another county, where they allowed the harmful tranquilizers ("[anti-psychotics](https://www.nimh.nih.gov/about/directors/thomas-insel/blog/2013/antipsychotics-taking-the-long-view.shtml)") to temporarily lapse. 

She got a job, and was doing well. But the damage caused by harmful prescriptions doesn’t magically go away as soon as you stop taking them. She had a “stressful” second day of work, resumed drinking… arrested → inescapable stress → “drug therapy” (rip-off) → malnourishment → inescapable stress → street drug relapse → resumption of forced administration of tranquilizers → “Dual diagnosis drug treatment” (more inescapable stress)…

# Judicial Trickery

I petitioned the new county’s court for another writ of habeas corpus. Instead of doing her job, the judge “tweaked” the statutes so she wouldn’t have to cause problems for the community’s mental health provider. My petition was dismissed “[without prejudice](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Prejudice_(legal_term)) to the proper procedural filings.” 

I did what the order of dismissal said “must” be done. It didn’t work, so I revised & re-filed. Twice. After the third dismissal I realized that the judge had abdicated her duty to justice. 

The three orders of dismissal quote A.R.S. 36-546(A)(1) (second link above) as:
> “A request in writing **must** be “presented to *any member of the treatment staff of the agency* providing the patient’s treatment. The request may be made on a prescribed form that shall be prepared by *the facility* and made available for use by any person.”

Italics and mismatched quotation marks as used in the orders of dismissal. Bold is my emphasis. 

The actual Section 36-546(A) reads (link above) as:

> A. **In addition to the procedure for applying for a writ of habeas corpus, as provided in [title 13](https://www.azleg.gov/arsDetail/?title=13), chapter 38, article 26,** a patient receiving court-ordered treatment or any person acting on the patient's behalf may request the patient's release pursuant to the following: 
> 1. A request in writing *may* be presented to any member of the treatment staff of the agency providing the patient's treatment. The request may be made on a prescribed form that shall be prepared by the facility and made available for use by any person. The completed form shall identify: [...]
> 
> (bold/italic emphasis added)

([13-4121](https://www.azleg.gov/viewdocument/?docName=https://www.azleg.gov/ars/13/04121.htm) and [13-4122](https://www.azleg.gov/viewdocument/?docName=https://www.azleg.gov/ars/13/04122.htm) are the two most-relevant parts of title 13.)

See what the judge did there? The statute used to justify the dismissal of my habeas corpus petition clearly indicates that my petition is allowed as provided elsewhere. This statute just provides an additional procedural remedy that may be used to initiate judicial review on behalf of someone else. The orders of dismissal changed 'may' to ‘must’. I didn’t fully appreciate the trickery until after I’d already filed my notice of appeal, after the 3rd identical dismissal.

The Court of Appeals panel dismissed my appeal for lack of jurisdiction, but didn’t comment on how it was okay for the judge to completely change the wording of the law to justify her dismissal. Their dismissal also said they’d looked to see if I’d complied with the judge’s misreading of the law, but conveniently overlooked the certified mail post card & receipt that proved I’d done what the judge said “must” be done to initiate judicial review on behalf of someone else.

I next petitioned the Supreme Court for review. Quorum is 3; the chief justice & vice-chief justice were on the panel of 4 that decided to deny my petition for review. Hrmph.

# Federal Court 

Since the Arizona state courts have refused to do their job, I can petition the US District Court. Habeas corpus is usually used by prisoners. My girlfriend is now being forced to stay at the drug treatment facility, so she’s just as much a prisoner as any other inmate. 

The [provided form](http://www.azd.uscourts.gov/forms/prisoner-form-petition-writ-habeas-corpus-person-state-custody-pursuant-28-usc-%C2%A7-2254) says: 

> “For this petition, **state every ground on which you claim that you are being held in violation of the Constitution, laws, or treaties of the United States.** Attach additional pages if you have more than four grounds. State the facts supporting each ground.” (emphasis added)

This is where I’d appreciate /r/legaladvice's insights. These are some of the grounds that I am considering raising in my next petition:

* Ground #1: Denial of [procedural due process](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Procedural_due_process) –  I think the judge’s “rewording of the law” falls under this category…  

    * My girlfriend’s treatment is in nearly-complete non-compliance with the requirements of [A.R.S. Title 36](https://www.azleg.gov/arsDetail/?title=36), Chapter 5. The reference to habeas corpus ([A.R.S. 36-546](https://www.azleg.gov/viewdocument/?docName=https://www.azleg.gov/ars/36/00546.htm)) is the only safeguard, but this is meaningless if the judges decide that it’s too inconvenient to tell the mental health profiteers that they can’t actually do whatever they want to people. Does my girlfriend's treatment's non-compliance with the requirements of state law fall under denial of procedural due process?

    * refusal to provide "Some Kind of Hearing"
    * New evidence: my videos that prove friend is 100% innocent of the charge of having a 'mental disorder'. She was fine 2 weeks before her first hospitalization. I didn't realize I had videos until a year after the court found my friend to have a "persistent or acute disability"...
    * I/she/we have been denied “the opportunity to be heard.”)
    * Judge protecting the community's mental health provider is not a 'neutral-decision maker'
    * ex-parte applications for court-ordered evaluation by hospitals also denied opportunity to be heard. 

* Ground #2: Denial of [substantive due process](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Substantive_due_process) –  I think forcing people to take palliative drugs would qualify as denial of this right. People get psychotic for various reasons. A mental health system that respects people’s rights might wait for people to recover (like they used to, before the FDA approved “maintenance medicines”…), instead of forcibly "stabilizing" them with harmful prescription drugs. 

    A line on that wikipedia page says substantive due process protects the rights of "discrete and insular minorities".
    
    “To justify deprivation of fundamental rights, substantive due process requires the action: 
    - Furthers a compelling state interest
    - Is the least-restrictive/intrusive alternative” - [The Illegality of Psychiatric Imprisonment - slides used in the youtube video](http://psychrights.org/education/PsychOut2011/PsychOut2011IllegalPsychiatry.pdf)
    
    There is no “legitimate government purpose” in using court orders to make people profitable to the mental health industry. Yes, some people are violent crazies, but by treating people with palliative drugs that make people worse (Thomas Insel's NIMH blog post, linked above, etc), the government's legitimate purpose should be in forcing the mental health industry to adopt less-profitable effective practices.

    Is forcing a person to take FDA-approved drugs that worsen their actual problems a substantive due-process violation?

    Is the vague finding of “persistent or acute disability” ([A.R.S. 36-501](https://www.azleg.gov/viewdocument/?docName=https://www.azleg.gov/ars/36/00501.htm), #36) a procedural due process violation, or a substantive due process violation?

* Ground #3 – Denial of 'equal protection'.  Habeas corpus is the only way to review the treatment received by persons subject to orders for court-ordered treatment. The Arizona constitution forbids suspension of habeas corpus, but my judge’s re-wording of the law says persons accused of having a "mental disorder" and/or subjected to orders for court-ordered treatment have no access to the courts except through the assistance of the abusive mental health agency’s medical director and an apathetic public defender. 

    “The U.S. Supreme Court in the case of Waley v. Johnson (1942) interpreted this authority broadly to allow the writ to be used to challenge convictions or sentences in violation of a defendant's constitutional rights where no other remedy was available. [...]” [source](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Habeas_corpus_in_the_United_States#Federal_law)

* Ground #4 – Ineffective assistance of counsel. 

    - 1st public defender didn’t know “methadone-induced alcoholism” was an entirely-reasonable defense against the charge of being “persistently disabled”. (A.R.S. 36-501 #25 distinguishes “mental disorders” from conditions caused by drug & alcohol abuse.  Public defending mental patients is surely not the most glamorous job in the public defense profession, but the statutes aren’t that complex… Shouldn’t a public defender take a little time to become familiar with them?
    - 2nd public defender (when order for treatment was issued) should have demanded my testimony. They didn't have an address for me, so my summons was never sent. Furthermore, my girlfriend's parents really wanted the order for treatment issued, because they thought the mental health professionals would try to help their daughter (lol). The second public defender also should have called expert witnesses to refute the state's advocation that maintenance with palliative drugs was the only effective treatment option. 
    - Girlfriend’s current public defender is actively refusing to provide services. 

* Ground #5 – Infliction of “cruel and unusual punishment”. Forcing people to take prescriptions that makes them suicidal is cruel. Forcing a recovering cocaine user to take prescription drugs that make them [want to use more cocaine](https://link.springer.com/article/10.1007/s00213-011-2231-6) is also cruel, especially when we now know [how to eliminate cocaine cravings](http://www.statepress.com/article/2017/09/spscience-asu-professors-fight-addiction-with-drugs).

* Ground #7 – reservation of rights. Should I mention this? Does the right to refuse medical care falls under this ground as well?  

* Ground #8 – less intrusive approaches to helping improving someone’s health than forcing them to take suicide-ideation pills. Simply implementing “present medical knowledge” instead of maintenance tranquilizers would be enough. 

* Ground #9 – chain of custody considerations? I maintain that my girlfriend was human-trafficked into the mental health system. 

* Ground #10 - Should I mention something about evidentiary standards?

# "help me /r/legaladvice, you're my only hope"

 I’ve been looking for a lawyer for over a year, but no one returns my calls. The US District Court has a free 30-minute consult with a volunteer lawyer, but my appointment isn’t for another month... 

sincerely,

tcj_phx

(minor edits)


NEWPOST:
I'm on mobile so sorry for any grammatical or formatting errors. 

So I reside in Michigan my ex gf is pregnant with whom we both believe is my kid. The issue is that I believe she has a mental illness. She can't hold a job nor does she have any motivation to better herself. She has no G.E.D. and no money. Being in a relationship with her was TOXIC. 

She lives in a chaotic environment and her grandmother is verbally abusive. When the baby is born it will be in her small cluttered room in a pack and play. 

While on the other hand I have my own place with an extra bedroom. I work full time and go to school full time for a BBA in accointing. I save 200 dollars every paycheck with excellent health benefits with the company I work for. 

I believe that I would be the best fit parent for the child, but because we are not married I have no rights therefore, I have to get "proof" that I am the father. This involves DNA testing. 

I'm afraid that if I don't establish paternity asap then I will be automatically considered "lazy" by the court system because she is not allowing me doctor visitations, and she currently has me blocked through all forms of communication. I was told that she posts badly about me on social media as well. 

Before I get an attorney I am curious about pre-natal DNA testing. Does anybody know if you can get a court order for this before the baby is born so I can know and have proof asap that he's mine? I seriously can not picture my child being raised in that household it makes me want to throw up honestly. 

If anyone has any information or advice please feel free to comment. 

EDIT: With all of the deadbeat fathers out there I'm surprised that I'm getting my a** handed to me here on this sub.

EDIT 2: Essentially alls I obtained from this thread was flame, and personal attacks on me. I'm requesting for this post to be removed.


NEWPOST:
hello reddit, i hope whoever clicks on this can help me. i’m a 15 year old transgender boy trying to transition medically such as puberty blockers. my parents are divorced (joint custody in the state of texas) and my father won’t consent to my treatment and legally i need his approval. he’s emotionally abusive and there are many times i fear for my safety. he wants to put me in a mental hospital because i’m “out of control.” if there’s anyway you can help me please let me know. please i’m all out of options, my mother is doing what she can to help me on her side but i really need people who have been in this situation or have knowledge about it. my mother may not be able to afford an attorney and i’m scared that if i ask for help in person i’ll be deemed as crazy, literally. i’m scared that if i’ll make a wrong move my father will take my mother to court and he’ll receive full custody of me. i’ve tried asking for help but i live in a small city and my father is very well known by his clients as a great guy who could never do wrong. please reddit help me. my time is running out and i don’t know how much longer i can keep fighting.


NEWPOST:
So let's say I have a friend "Mary." She was hooking up a few different guys, nothing serious, and got knocked up. She wasn't positive who the dad was but decided to settle down with the most stable guy (let's call him "Bob") who could give her baby the best life.

They were on again off again and "Mary" didn't put "Bob" on the birth certificate when her baby was born because we were "off again" at this point of time. We lived together for a while, "Bob" was a jerk, and they broke up. "Mary" started getting child support money from "Bob."

After they broke up "Mary" reconnected with "Tom," who she had been hooking up with at the same time as "Bob." "Bob" finds this out and because he is a vindactive asshole he tells me he wants a paternity test to prove our son is his. He also says that because he isn't on the birth certificate he doesn't have to pay, and that "Mary" has to give back what he paid. 

That would never happen right? I told him it doesn't matter what he can prove because he was the babies father all this time and it's in the baby's best interest now that he continue to pay for our support.

"Mary" is pretty sure "Tom" is actually the father, but "Bob" was the one who raised the baby. He got all the perks of being a dad and gets to spend time with the baby. The baby is HIS son in that since, no matter what the DNA test says. Right?

So would the court agree that DNA doesn't matter anymore because "Bob" is already the established dad?

The state is Louisiana.


NEWPOST:
So yeah got this girl pregnant. She's 26 weeks along. Apparently her parents support her. They're mad but they recognize theres nothing they can do and are deciding to support and help her through. Same with my parents, told them like an hour ago. 

So I want to make this as easy as possible, preferably without an attorney.

She is not going to college and will probably stay home to take care of the kid. Shes enrolled in a college but well, she'll probably have to cancel.

Im still enrolled and 100% plan on going.

So this is what I want to do.

1) Get a paternity test (just in case).
2) I want to be able to visit in the weekends and on break until I graduate. Im also willing to pay child support. Then after graduation maybe I can work up to more custody. 

So how does my plan sound? I think I should be fine with support payments. Not sure if I can get the visitation rights like that. My ex and I are not on good terms but I think shell be cool with it. Shes pretty nice. 

Also will the courts give me some insane amount of child support? Ill probably be working a minimum wage job for a while. My parents do have money but I dont think that will factor in for CS payments.

Second, how can I legally establish paternity? Law might be rough since were unmarried.

Anything else I need to know? Courts cant force me to drop out of college right? I know its a dick move going and having her do most of the work but Im thinking about long term benefits. Getting a good degree and a good job will be far better in the long run and Ill try to visit every weekend.

**EDIT**

Wow. Okay. Let me clear some assumptions here. 

* Im not forcing her to quit college. She can go if she wants but I dont believe she will. I think she will at least take a year off. 
* She's not in this alone. For fucks sake, you guys think Im dumping her to be some single mom living at the poverty line waiting for welfare checks to survive? Fuck off with that bullshit. Unlike most teen parents, our parents arent kicking us to the curb and said they will support us both in every way. She'll have support from her parents and mine. For fuck sake, she has the money to buy a full time nanny. If she wants to go to college, NOTHING is stopping her. 
* Im not just going to be paying child support. If she needs more money, I'll be more than happy to dip into my savings/college fund for her. Not to mention, my parents will probably help me along with costs and child rearing too. We're not in this alone, alright? 
* Now I know what your going to say, YOUR PARENTS ARE RICH BRO!!! JUST LIVE OFF OF THEM BRO!! Yeah, I already have. For 18 years. Hell Ill probably rely on them for at least the next 5 years. I dont want to do that. I want to be able to get my own solid career, make my own solid money, and be able to support my daughter without relying on my family's wealth. Is that respectable? 
* Im not going to immediately go for 50/50 custody when I graduate. I know thats not realistic. I said I will work up to more custody once I graduate. Thats reasonable right? 
* Yeah I know the first four years of a kids life are tough. I know it will be difficult for her but that's how life is. I'm not forcing her to do anything she doesnt want to do. SHE wanted to keep this baby and she wants to support it, even if means putting college on hold. She could hire a full time nanny if she wanted, but she's not and it isnt because I'm forcing her to be my domestic slave. It's because its what she wants. Ill be there to support her. She's a million times better than me and I really will do my best to repay her kindness in the future. 
* Lastly, sorry for not being the embodiment of Jesus Christ everyone was expecting me to be. Ill clear that up. Im not Jesus. I'm just a teenager from a sheltered life trying to make things better for all parties.

**Okay. I thought some stuff through. I guess I can take a gap year or two until things are better and I can get more time like that. Then I can apply to some in state universities. There's a lot of good ones here too.**

**EDIT 2**: Damn apparently this is one of the most controversial posts in this subreddit


NEWPOST:
Growing up, I lived with my mom and only got to see my dad every other weekend. My dad wanted to spend more time with us but my mom wouldn’t let him, so my dad cut off child support. My dad and I are much closer now.

My dad’s dad recently died and left my dad a ton of money. Rather than letting my dad keep it or share it with my siblings and I, my mom sued my dad and was awarded almost $500k for unpaid child support. This leaves my dad with practically nothing from the money his own father left him.

My mom wasn’t a terrible mother, but she basically provided us with the bare minimum of clothing, shelter, and food. We never took trips, never had nice things, everything was handed down and nothing was new. We ate a lot of unhealthy processed food. Overall not a great (or expensive) childhood.

Now my mom refuses to share this massive payout with her kids, even though the purpose of child support is to support the kids. I feel I am entitled to at least some of this money, as it was originally intended for me and would’ve been for me if I were under 18. Do I have legal recourse and can I expect to redeem some percentage of this payout?


NEWPOST:
My ex is crazy.  We had a full divorce trial last year and she has since filed for an appeal and then stayed the appeal so she could file for modifications.  

Now we have another pre-trial coming up and I am suppose to write up another memorandum.  I feel like I am going through this all over again.  How is she allowed to do this? 

I want to move on with my life.  

I don't see how our legal system can work like this.  Going through the same divorce twice?

Can I get her lawyer thrown off the case?  She knew she didn't serve me properly and also ignored my email asking if we had any upcoming hearings.  

Suggestions welcome (aside from just saying I need a lawyer).  I basically did this myself the first time around.

Thanks.


NEWPOST:
He's willing to pay child support, but he wants to pay only child support for the next 18 years. I don't have a lot of money and don't want to bring a child into the world on such limited means. He's staunchly anti-abortion, but if I don't get any further backing from him I plan to pursue one. I want to know how to make my position clear without making this seem like a threat, even though it kind of is one. Can I get in trouble legally for this, even though all I want to do is guarantee the best possible future for me and my child? I don't really have the money for a lawyer but will probably end up splurging. I want to get a good idea what to expect first so I don't waste everybody's time.


NEWPOST:
I've been dating this girl for a year now. She currently does not work, does not have a car, and has no money. I own a house, a car, and a decent job. She is currently living with me on lease agreement that she has never once fulfilled. I am currently the provider for both of us. She is the holder of every red flag and I honestly should have seen it coming, but I was dumb.

Well, about 3 months or so ago we sort of broke up. We are not fit and I'm tired of paying for everything and dropping everything to give her rides. I gave her a lease termination and told her she had 30 days to leave. Well, fast forward 30ish days she never left. I was prepared to go to court but as you guessed by the title, she's pregnant. I'm not sure if it's mine but I'm going to assume so by her word.

She's obviously not fit to be a mom. She has countless mental issues and needs to be on medication. She smokes weed like there's no tomorrow and I honestly feel like that's where my child support would go if it came to that. She relies on everyone else to do things for her and can barely take care of herself. She's currently smoking cigarettes still, but is trying to quit (she's been trying to quit for the past 6 months but has a mental breakdown each and every time she stops to the point where she becomes suicidal).

Once she's out of my house, she would be forced to move in with her mom, who is an ex-drug addict and just as bad as her. If this is my child, I wouldn't want her to be raised in that kind of enviroment.

As of right now, I would feel like a dick making her leave if it is my child, so she's still living here. We are still "together" just so that she doesn't freak out and do something stupid. However, I'm not living the rest of my life like this. If this is my child, what are my options? Is it possible for a father to gain full custody? How soon can this be done?

I live in Wisconsin.


NEWPOST:
Last year, I spent the summer abroad in France. I ended meeting a girl there and long story short she ended up getting pregnant. I absolutely had no interest in raising a child, as I am just a college student so I told her that I wasn't going to be supporting her and her child and advised her to get an abortion.

I've since returned back to the states. I've decided that I've had a "financial abortion", which I feel absolves me from responsibility here.

Despite my advice, she went ahead and had her child anyways. Recently, she contacted me on facebook and told me that she was having trouble supporting her child and that she was going to be seeing a lawyer to obtain child support from me. I told her that I had already decided that I wasn't going to be involved and she knew that from the start. I then proceeded to block her number, as well as social media accounts.

I thought by retreating from France, I'd be immune from child support payment, but now I'm not quite sure because there isn't much info available online regarding the topic.

Would it be possible for the French government to hold me responsible for child support even though I'm a U.S. citizen?





NEWPOST:
 

Hi Everyone,

I'm in a difficult situation and I'm looking for advice on how to handle. I will go into detail, so bear with me. TLDR at the bottom

Jan 2021: I work in a midsize office building and started talking with one of the receptionists. We eventually started hanging out and had a strong connection early on. TBH, I had recently gotten out of a long term (5 years) relationship. It was a bad break up.

Anyways, we've been talking for several weeks. She comes over to my house often. One night, she says she wants to have a baby. I told her this was crazy, but deep down I kinda liked the idea. I mean, that means we're gonna be together forever, right?

Late Jan 2021: She won't let up about the baby. I told her that we needed to be together for longer before doing that. She even put in her Calendar to remind us in Aug.

Valentines Day: I caved. We were making love and she held me with her legs, I came inside. She was very excited, I was very nervous...

We keep this a secrete for several weeks until she tests positive for being pregnant. She then tells her mom (She still lives with her mom). Her mom is disappointed at first, but quickly comes around to being a grandmother. I don't want to brag here, but I am very good with parents; she really liked me. I would joke that mom likes me more than GF did.

Cut to the thick of this pregnancy. She's sick - Really, really sick. She has Hyperemesis and cannot eat or drink for days at a time. We're in and out of emergency rooms, she's constantly throwing up. I can tell this is taking a toll on her. When she was with me, I took great care of her. She never needed to lift a finger when she was feeling bad at my house. However, she mostly wanted to stay at her house with her mom. I can understand this - She's constantly puking and probably embarrassed.

During these weeks/months, we saw less and less of each other. I spent this time building out a nursery. She designed it and it came out beautiful - Pintrest worthy lol. However, We would argue over text, and we just started growing distant. I never stopped trying, but it felt like she lost interest. About 6 months in, she wants to take a break. I give her a week and then try to reach out, we break up. At first she was talking about Co parenting, we both were on the same page about making sure the child came first. Then....

After she and her stepdad came to my house to get her stuff, and stuff we had bought for the baby, she unfriended me from facebook, and then the rest of her family blocked me entirely. My number is also blocked.

The baby is due in November. I've tried to send her a friend request, but she deleted the request. I want to know how the pregnancy is going. What do I do? My friend said to mail a letter, simply wishing her well and asking how the pregnancy is going.

I realize now that being with her was a mistake. Getting her pregnant was a mistake. It was a major redflag that she almost immediately wanted to have a baby. Maybe its not mine?

I mentioned that we worked at the same company, this is no longer the case. I left the job a few weeks after we broke up, so I don't see her in person anymore. She lives 10 mins away. It's been about 6 weeks since the break up.

Please if you have any questions, I'll give addition details in comments. I am so lost on what I need to do. I don't have much of a family to go to for advice.

TLDR: New GF wanted a baby, I put one in her (I know it was a mistake), she grew distant during her sickest weeks and I couldn't save it. It's now been 6 weeks since I've heard anything from anyone. I've been blocked on my phone and unfrinded on FB. Should I try to reach out by mail?

I also want to point out that I likely cannot afford much of a lawyer for this right now. Bottom line, I'm not trying to get this girl back. But I don't want her to use my lack of communication (Remember I am blocked) against me in the event of a child support case. Also, I hate saying this, but what's the best thing for me to do financially? Try to take on as much custody, or as little custody?

We are in Tennessee.


NEWPOST:
I am in SC.

Ok. Here is the situation. Quick background. Ex wife is living with her girlfriend in a lesbian relationship. I divorced her based on a provable affair she had with this woman. Both women are, without being officially diagnosed, clearly Borderline Personality Disorder. I was always a little concerned for my safety since this whole thing started but it was just a concern and nothing material I could present to the courts to get any kind of restraining order. I got primary custody of my kids. I have always felt they are working one on child at a time to alienate them from me to have them "want" to live with them. They do get visitation. My 3 kids are teens 16, 15 & 13. They have successfully converted the 16 year old against me and he is horribly abusive to me. Hates me with a passion for no reason. I am a good person, a gentle soul, and a  "textbook" model father. I am well educated and a white collar business person. It's a clear case of parental alienation at work by both the mother and the girlfriend.

The girlfriend is telling the kids that she is their new step parent and all other kinds of manipulative stuff. She is proven to have a temper and I would say is unpredictable. Let's call her ROSA. Her ex husband had a domestic violence charge against her that was eventually thrown out by the court.

Now here is my question.... 

There was a heated three way conversation yesterday with my son, his mother (my ex wife) and me. A car pulled up to the driveway so I paused looked out the window and said, I wonder who that is? My 16 year old says with the calmest tone and without any hint of it in any way being intended humor.... "I think it's the hit man that Rosa hired".

Now the point is, whether that was said in jest or not, it is pretty evident in my opinion that that has been discussed. Something like that does not come out of the blue out of the mouth of a 16 year old unless it was thought or discussed. I genuinely fear for my safety. Do I have enough here to take this to a judge and get a restraining order against Rosa both against me and a restraining order against the two crazies and keep my children away from them toxic ways?

I have it recorded. I recorded the entire 2 hour conversation. Throughout the recording you can also hear the hatred for me by my son that has been built up in him against me. Speaking to me very abusively and throwing F words around left and right.

In that recording I also have my ex wife admitting that Rosa has a temper and I also have a previous recording of Rosa verbally exploding at me another time where I saw rage in her eyes that almost erupted. 

What can I do with what I have? (Mainly based on yesterdays recording) I need my kids way from these crazies and I also genuinely fear for MY safety. You hear stories every day of ex husbands being knocked off, either by the ex wife, their lovers or even kids whose minds have been poisoned. I might be one of those stories if I don't act.

I am in SC.


NEWPOST:
My friend (who lives in Florida) was fired from their job, and believed it was unjust because of a co-worker trying to get them fired.

The attempts to get my friend (Fr from here on out) was approached on the floor of business that had customers and coworkers by the owner of this particular business (franchisee). Owner told Fr that Fr couldn't do anything about being fired, Fr can't defend herself or do anything to keep Fr's job. Fr felt attacked/humiliated in public.

Fr saw some hand sanitizer and put two squirts in owner's water while she was away with the intent to make her taste something terrible. Realizing this was out of character and a result of being humiliated and overly emotional, Fr tried to pour all of it out of the cup, but the owner started coming back so Fr put owner's cup back on the counter before the owner saw that Fr had been holding it.

Owner takes one sip, asks out loud if someone put hand sanitizer in the drink, Fr and another employee laugh (the employee tried to hide their laughter, Fr didn't because they had already been fired and hadn't realized that isopropyl alcohol is the active ingredient and didn't realize how harmful it is to ingest).

Fr told me casually in a text what had happened, and I immediately realized that it was not just a simple prank and could seriously hurt someone. I spoke with Fr and told them that the cops might get involved if the owner presses charges, and under no circumstances to talk to them about this particular thing without legal counsel first because it is not as harmless as Fr thought.

Fr had no idea that the way hand sanitizer cleans is by using a chemical that is dangerous to ingest. Fr thought it was just like soap, and was the first thing in sight that was available to make the owner feel uncomfortable and taste something bad, and told me after the fact that if something like cayenne pepper or salt was readily available and in sight that Fr would have put that in her drink.

There was no intent to do actual harm, it was in Fr's mind just a petty thing to make owner taste something gross. This whole event was captured by CCTV. Police called her asking for a statement regarding a call to corporate about being unjustly fired, but luckily I was able to talk to Fr first as I said before, so Fr didn't meet with the authorities (Fr was not home either way). Investigator said they'd leave something at Fr's door for a statement regarding a vague investigation, but there was nothing there hours after the fact. I'm pretty sure they want to take Fr into custody because owner pressed charges. Maybe I'm being paranoid?

How bad is this situation for Fr, worst case scenario? I have a passing interest in law, but never went to school or anything for it. They have no way to prove intent if there was no previous incidents of threatening or malice, right? Florida states tampering with a drink can be a first degree felony with intent to kill or harm, but am I right in thinking that the prosecutor would have to prove intent/motive for that to stick?



NEWPOST:
[Ohio] My wife and I have been together for 9 years, married for 5. We have a 5 year old daughter together. I invested in bitcoin fairly early and made a fair amount of money from it. My wife always hated me throwing money away on it and tried to encourage me to stop - it lead to a lot of arguments and became a contentious part of my marriage (albeit one of many). 

Throughout our marriage I had a much higher wage than she did. we bought a house together (that I put up the majority of the cash for) a few months prior to getting married and had a shared bank account that she completely cleaned out (taking roughly $12,000) right before she decided it was over. Throughout our marriage I contributed about 75%+ of my wage to our home and family life, and used the additional 25% mostly on my own investments. She contributed to a few bills her and there but given her meagre salary she was mostly able to keep her own money for luxury spending. 

Since splitting my ex has been having some sort of breakdown and sending me endless text messages and harassing me over the phone about how horrible a person I am/ how badly I messed up her life and how she knows I'm trying to "f**k her over and hide all my assets in that bitcoin shit". I browse this sub enough to know one thing -  I've saved a copy of all the text messages and recorded some of the phone calls (not sure if this is legal, or of any use in a courtroom) in case it comes in handy later.

When I spoke to my lawyer about the divorce originally I didn't mention much about my investments in crypto-currency (we still haven't had a proper face-to-face yet) but it seems ex wife mentioned it to her lawyer and he's confident they can at least get a settlement for half of the perceived worth of my bitcoin. This could be my ex making stuff up or misinterpreting him though.

What makes the problem worse is my wife has no idea how my investments are doing, or even a basic understanding about bitcoin. If I had to total up my personal savings, investments in crypto-currencies and 'traditional' investments I'd say they currently sit in the $120,000 range but she's convinced herself I've always been lying about the value of what I have. She's insisting I have $600,000+ hidden and seems determined to get it. I'm worried she's also going to try to paint me as a bad guy trying to selfishly hide personal wealth so he doesn't have to support his own daughter.

Have there been any divorce cases where assets were held in crypto-currency? Is a Judge likely to award her half of the perceived value of my bitcoin? It seems a little unfair to have to split it when it I had to make the investment while listening to her nag me not to, and after she selfishly cashed out our shared savings. I'm VERY worried people might buy her sob story about the horrible ex-husband hiding his assets in this new technology and believe her dumb claims about the value - especially if they're a technologically challenged as she is. Am I likely to get in trouble for this?


NEWPOST:
Location: TEXAS

Seeking legal advice...
This is my throwaway account. My main is my username for everything, so I don’t want it being linked back to me, and would like it very much if a face couldn’t be put to the stuff I’m about to type.

The mother of my child wants to put me on child support. The case is still pending.
I don’t want to be put on child support.
I want my daughter to live with us equally (alternating four days of the week every other week), and the cost be cut in half. I don’t want to help the mother with her rent or anything. I just want to make sure my daughter is well taken care of.
Should I get a lawyer? The lawyer I want to go with is asking for money even for advice. Would it be a waste of time and money since 90% of the time the mother always win.

Things I have on her that could help me.
-She has let my daughter get lice for months on end over the last three years. She waits until the last minute to do something about it. Always! She thinks that the over the counter stuff works, but she only buys it once they get really bad.
-She’s always sick while with her. I know little kids get sick a lot. It’s mostly always strep throat or an ear infection.
-On top of the lice thing on her hair, she developed a fungus on hair (which is now gone), but the doctor told her that it was most likely from being dirty, and not bathing. She would not bathe her because she rather her go to sleep or she’s too tired.
-She has an one bedroom apartment. I have a three bedroom house that she will have her own room in.
They share a bed over there. My daughter needs space.

Now the more complex stuff I hate talking about.
-I have videos of us fighting where she gets physical, and starts swinging at me. In the videos you can hear me asking her to stop.
-When we would fight and I would just need space away from her; she would go as far as showing up to my job. One time she showed up with our daughter unbuckled in the backseat. We had to argue outside my job, and I told her to just go home, she sped off causing my daughter to fly backwards in the back of the car. I texted her and told her that I was going to call the cops and told her what she had done because I was worried about my daughter. She texted back “It wasn’t that fast.” “She didn’t hurt herself. She’s okay.”
-I wasn’t always the best boyfriend. I let the stress of making ends meet get to me, and started neglecting her, and she ended up cheating. For two years we tried getting over it. I just couldn’t.
-I have pictures of the scratches she would leave on me after a fight we had because she was tired of me “not being able to see her” and the effort she’s putting into fixing the fact that she cheated.
-I got pictures and videos of her breaking stuff outside my house just because I wouldn’t let her inside my home for stuff that belonged to her. She also has stuff of mine that she doesn’t want to return. I’m willing to give her all her stuff back, but I need my stuff as well.
-Before the separation. We shared my current home. She would apply for store credit cards, max them out, and let the bills to collections. That just shows she’s terrible with finances. So I have a stack pile of letters from banks and debt collectors trying to collect what is due to them.
-She’s a shop lifter or was. I don’t know if she still does it, but she’s been caught three times at Walmart while being with our daughter. She’s lucky that they didn’t call CPS on her. She would text me that she was caught and she’s really nervous, and whatever one feels when they’ve been caught in deep shit. So I only have text messages of her saying she’s been caught with dates and time stamps, so perhaps I could go to that Walmart and ask for a copy of that footage from that date.
There’s more, but you guys get my point. I don’t want my daughter developing such toxic habits like her mother.
Should I go for full custody and be the one to put her on child support or should I just bite the bullet and take it up bum like most men who are put on child support?
Any advice is appreciated.
Thanks.


NEWPOST:
This is absolutely madness: I am in desperate need of a good advice. I am scared for my life. This is a "throwaway" account for obvious reasons. This is all about throwaway accounts ironically. **If your going to comment please read thoroughly and understand all the dynamics involved, not looking for hundreds of comments telling me to report the account or things like that, that won't help.** 

Last year I was dating a girl for several months, at the end we had a miscommunication about what she wanted and she became pregnant. It was one of this issues that we split up over and in the heat of moment she believed she needed a Protection From Abuse order. I allowed a default judgement to happen because I did not want to fight with her in court at all, I was too sad. There was no actual abuse ever in our relationship outside of disagreements, not verbal, physical or otherwise. She simply had raised hormones and really did not like some of my opinions on that matter but it was not abuse. I talked to people about the breakup and abortion to grieve and may have made a post about how sad I was to have an abortion.

Roughly 6 months went by and everything was fine until one day I get a call from a police officer explaining they have an arrest warrant for me for harassing my ex on Facebook before even asking me any questions, claiming they had tried to call earlier but I never received any missed calls. He tells me that the profile name is (lets say for story purposes) Jason(not my name, not even close) and that Jason has been threatening my ex. I explain to him that this is impossible because I have her blocked on my Facebook account, and agree to be cooperative and allow him to do whatever they need to prove it was not me, but that it was definitely not me. I was certain they would rescind a warrant or have to if give it a second look given new evidence proving it wasn't me. I know you usually are not supposed to answer any questions but I was and am genuinely interested in finding who really did this and in protecting anyone from this person or these types of actions by anyone to anyone.  The police's logic up to that point was absolutely unhinged so I thought any kind of logic would help.

Upon getting the police reports months later they are saying the person simply said that yes they were me when asked by my ex if it was me. They also are saying it is me because the person mentioned the pregnancy and her and I were the only ones that could possibly know about that (6 months later, after I had vented to many about it in a healthy way and after she could have told anyone) or talk the way the "Jason" talked to her.

I was arrested none the less, I had unsecured bail that time, but immediately I began to become completely afraid and victimized. No one had advice for me to protect myself from further arrests and that stress has not stopped to this day to the point it is getting very problematic for my mental and physical health even though the arrests have finally stopped (after a 2nd and 3rd), I'm traumatized. I am starting to see a doctor but do not have insurance so that makes this all more stressful to the point where I have really never felt lower in my life or more afraid. The stress makes it hard to mount the kind of courage I need to take this on. It's a real shame that I have a support team and am still feeling defeated. I hate to think about the weak ones in our society.

Weeks later at the arraignment I was told I was being arrested again for the very same thing, again without being talked to. Again the same profile. My worst fear that they would keep doing it had came true and no one had or has any answers to this day. Bail was secured and we decided to pay the whole thing which was thousands of dollars.

Whoever impersonated me (or still is) is definitely getting the best of me. I thank anyone who is reading because it's been hard to vent on social media due to the sensitive nature and I tend to cry very badly if I talk about the way I REALLY feel in person so this is the first time I've been able to tell a fuller side of the story to anyone outside my family and a couple close friends but even than I try be brave to not stress them even though I am terrified. I'm worried my lawyer won't have me testify and I'll be railroaded and never heard, locked up and have the key thrown away for something I didn't do and given a "life sentence" of harassment from this person to get me in trouble whenever they want.

I have a good lawyer and I have confidence in him but there's so much more at stake here than just my criminal defense and I saw that from the start. That's why I'm here is to find a lawyer that feels passionately or specializes in civil rights. No one should ever be arrested for such flimsy evidence, Facebook should be giving them information to actually catch the person, or someone higher up in cyber crime should be involved to do WHATEVER needed to really catch this person as red handed as possible. Bottom line is the police are not doing their job and this is a common problem between me and my ex. Facebook is not doing their job catch "Jason" SO FAR and it's been over 7 months or longer.

AND it didn't end there! Months later I was contacted again by the police as the impersonator was harassing her again. But this time they didn't have an arrest warrant yet and I had an air tight alibi under cameras and without my phone so they did not arrest me.

2 days later the same police department arrested me again without calling, without looking into the events 2 days prior, simply based on the links to the account based on the previous arrests. This time "Jason" said used an escalated threat and a new charge was added. I believe they were trying to Swat me. Bail was through the roof this time, nearly $10k cash. None of the police officers were educated in what Swatting is. I don't know who gets bailed out over and over again and pays cash bail just to do something they know they would get arrested for again, it just doesn't make any sense to me at all. Its been hell on my family. Before I left the police station I went up and asked the front desk for help as my fear was setting into full blown panic of going home just to be arrested again. They had no answers. My criminal lawyer helped the arrests stop after that but I have no idea whether or not the actual harassment has stopped other than to guess because they have not told me about arresting anyone else for it; meaning that the person is still free to do it, and I'm not sure what would make them stop.

I have tried to avoid thinking about who exactly it could be "Jason" so I don't go crazy but I thought about the motivations.  They either don't like me, or her, or both, and there are all sorts of people who could fit that description and also know about our situation and details about our lives in the 6 months between the break up and the incident.

I need all the help I can get. I'm scared. I want the person responsible caught and brought to justice. I wonder if the only way to do that is with a good civil rights lawyer who perhaps has dealt with a similar case, Swatting, or with Facebook I have ways to borrow money to pay whatever but it is straining me and adding to the stress and victimization. I really think that I have a strong case to win some money for having my rights violated like this. When I did a search here on Reddit I'm not the only one who has incurred loses from someone impersonating them on Facebook. I want to make sure this doesn't happen again and the person is caught but if I should be compensated I want to know if that's something that I should start now. If I should do anything to get this in the public eye and court of public opinion or anything to prevent it from happening to anyone in my state or in the country again I want to know. Any advice at all is appreciated. Not looking for information on a specific lawyer here as that's for another thread but rather if that's something people do now. Thank you for your time. It feels great to get this out and I'm sure I will have some great advice soon.  Your helping a man who feels completely broken. Your helping my ex who is a single mom with a son get justice. Your helping my family and anyone else affected. But mainly your helping everyone and that's what this thread is about, not specific advice or my defense but more so generally how this affects the legal system, everyone, me, etc.

P.S. and putting up with any grammar or rule errors as I'm stressed thinking about this and it's late. I will proof read and fix anything needed asap, please bring it to my attention if I have done something wrong here, I initially didn't realize I had to go somewhere else for specific lawyer recommendations.

Thank you all. Spread Love and Peace.

Sincerely,


NEWPOST:
Hi everyone! 

I was asked a few weeks ago if I’d be interested in marrying someone so they can stay in the US for 20 thousand dollars. 

The person who asked me is asking for his friend. He says he has known him for years, a great guy, and he needs to stay here so he can keep sending money back to his country for his family.

Questions

1. What are the concerns I should have if I do this, and if there are ways to prevent them, what are they?

2. Is 20k a good price for doing something like this?

3. If you marry someone in the country, are you able to get divorced, and if you do get divorced, are they able to stay? Is there a certain amount of time you’ll be able to get divorced? 

I have more but I’ll start there. If there’s any more advice you think I should here please let me know. I have a lot of time to consider it. Thank you so much.


NEWPOST:
Reddit, my family is fucking garbage.

The parents are out of town for a funeral, my brother at some point got very drunk and lost his dab pen. He accused me of stealing it and proceeded to do up to $5,000 of damage to the home, eventually found it but refused to leave and physically attacked me during an argument.

I went to the commissioners office for a protection order and to filed forms for being the victim of second degree assault. 

I get done there, go to my sister’s home for refuge as I had no where else to go and the police were really pushing that I should leave for my safety.

My sister is out of town, but my nephew and his father were supposed to be there. Around 6am I ring their doorbell and my BIL (brother-in-law) answers. I explained what was going on and he said I could stay. My nephew was apparently staying at a friend’s home that night.
However when we go outside to smoke a cigarette he offers me weed and a rolling paper. I def need to unwind. However he then started telling me he wanted to see me shirtless. I put out the joint, smoking maybe 1/3 of it. He offered me shots of crown royal and I decline. He proceeded to talk about sex and how it’s a stress release, I try to steer the convo in some other direction. He asks me if I’m tired, offers me a shower and “his side of the bed”. I’m really tired and traumatized already so I move to another room, honestly trying to sober up ASAP to leave. He enters the room I’m in, gives me this weird hug where he basically caressed half my body and planted some open mouthed kisses on my face then mentions he’ll be getting naked in the other room and to join him and I decline. 

While my head was racing about what had happened, the police called me asking permission to enter the home where my brother was, they eventually call back to tell me he’s been told to vacate and that his dog was not secured (the sliding glass door shattered so the dog was able to escape) so I had to go back and deal with that. I swiftly left my sister’s place, still high, glad to leave. 

I don’t even know what to tell my sister, I’m going to wait for her to get back from vacation before I tell her what happened. Her husband had an affair earlier in the year so she was on the fence with the decision to divorce him. Telling her this news that her husband tried to take advantage of me while I was vulnerable will most definitely trigger the divorce if she doesn’t fucking murder him first.

I stayed pretty silent so her husband doesn’t know how upset I am. I know he owns firearms too so I’m a bit fearful of retaliation. Idk what I should do, should I fill another protection order?  What do I do?


NEWPOST:
I (35 M) had a 10 day "relationship" with a Chilean woman (38). We communicated online for a few months before meeting in person. When we met her and I spent some time with her in person, I really really disliked her for many reasons.
 When she went back to Chile (after a 10 day visit with me in CO, USA) she was pregnant and now she is using this child to try and manipulate me into being in a relationship with her.
 She threatens me and my children from my marriage (I'm not married now and wasn't when the "relationship" occurred.) with violence, cyber bullying, legal action. She has threatened to kill herself if I don't go back with her, she sent me a picture of herself holding our child over a stair well and threatened to drop him if I didn't go back with her. She has threatened to jump off the building where she lives with our child if I won't go back with her, so many terrible things I won't recount them all. 
I have absolutely no legal recourse against what she is doing because I cannot engage in legal action in Chile. However, she can and has engaged in legal action against me, her in Colorado.
She opened a child support case with the county where I live in Feb of 2016, It took months to establish the case, paternity and everything else and then after 2 months of the child support order being in place, she is coming back after me for more money. She is using this as blackmail because I won't go back with her. I'm not assuming this is her motive, this is what she has told me many times. She knows that I can barely afford what I currently pay and that raising the amount will make things hard on me and my other children. That's the situation, my question is, can I voluntarily surrender my parental rights to this child and take away this little "weapon" (child support) that she is using against me? Does anyone have any helpful resources or a helpful direction to point me in? Thanks in advance. 
*EDIT* 
I am not actually trying to dodge paying support for this child. I am trying to take away the ability of this woman to pull me into courts and meetings with DHS and otherwise make my life (and my childrens lives) difficult. That is really my only goal. I already have no legal rights to this child, the situation is just her abusing, harassing, bullying and annoying me and my other children and because she lives in Chile, I cannot do anything about it. Taking away this child support case would be one small step to get her to back-off. 

TLDR: Got a Chilean woman pregnant and she uses the child support system to threaten me into a relationship with her. I want to simply surrender my parental rights to this child and disarm her. 


NEWPOST:
I currently enjoy a high paying job and an excellent career. I put alot of money into investments and live below my means. I am single now but I am hoping to one day get married and have children and then pass the investments onto them so that they can live off the interest 50 years from now. It is possible my descendants won't have to work again for many generations if I am smart in my lifetime.

However, this could all fall apart if I were to get divorced. I have seen so many people, men and women, absolutely destroyed during a divorce and lose everything they have taken twenty or thirty years to build. 

I have a stable life and I want to only increase that, not add undo risk into the equation.

My question is, what options do I have to prevent a divorce where I lose everything? Are there any options besides simply not getting married in the first place?

For example, Could I get surrogate mothers and then date my whole life? Could I put the index funds into an LLC that can't be touched in a divorce? Could I sign agreements for full child custody before ever having a child with anyone I am dating? 

Are there any solutions available to lower my risk?

(United States - California)


NEWPOST:
**Alaska.**

Posting for a friend. A friend who is a doormat. A friend who is broke. A single mom raising three children.

She's worked a low-level job for years, (though she's gotten promoted), just for one reason: to prove she can keep a job. All for her fourth child.

Her ex has full custody of her fourth child. He got custody because he has money, and used that money to hire a lawyer. Together, they told the judge she was a drug addict/using drugs, and the judge believed them, and awarded him full custody. (I'm sure they said more, but I don't have all the details, and this was the *main* thing.) She was caught off guard, *did NOT have a lawyer,* and was dumbfounded by the accusations. Seriously, she clammed up in shock and surprise. She says she was cut off when she finally tried to respond, and never got to rebut the accusations.

(**Edit:** she also was apparently convicted of a crime years ago in the past. Details are sparse, but she believed her kids were in physical danger, and used a vehicle that wasn't hers to flee. From what I've gathered, she didn't mount any legal defense, and thus she was convicted of theft.)

This was three years ago. Since then, he has been telling the child the reason she doesn't see her mommy that "mommy doesn't want to see you."

From what I've heard, he's a liar and a manipulator. And he uses drugs, at least one which was illegal until recently. She receives no child support. She has literally never used illegal drugs. She is actually a very kind, very patient, very loving, helpful, and dependable person. (I wouldn't say this about 80% of people I know, so I'm not just saying that.)

What can she say in court tomorrow to help reverse this decision? 




NEWPOST:
I have an order of joint custody (im non-custodial) and a standard visitation order following oklahoma law. My son who is 7 has started refusing to come over and giving every excuse imaginable from "i dont play with him" to "i ignore him" which isn't true but his mother refuses to listen. Whenever asked to be more encouraging instead of simply saying "you dont have to go if you dont want to" she just replies that shes not forcing her autistic son to do something he doesnt want to. This also isnt the first time this has happened. After looking at it further she hasnt followed a single one of the courts orders, she always makes plans on my weekends with him and in the 4 years since the court order hes stayed the night a total of 4 times. I had to have myself added to his medical records by contacting the hospital and giving them the court order, and had to do the same for his old school. I dont even know what school he is in now and i certainly havnt been added to his contact list. 

&#x200B;

So are there any options or steps i can take before finding a lawyer and making it a full blown court battle? Ive tried contacting DHS already but they told me they dont handle that kind of issue.


NEWPOST:
Me and my ex adopted a cat a few years ago. Both of our names are in the adoption papers but she just took him. What can I do? Should I make a police report?


NEWPOST:
The trial is almost a year away. He was court-ordered to pay alimony pendente lite, and he just stopped paying (purely out of anger), giving no notice to me or his lawyers. His noncompliance is EXTREME. He has already been held in contempt twice over other matters, and there are additional contempt motions pending.  He is not at all dissuaded by contempt motions. He is self-employed, so I can’t garnish his wages. He was also court-ordered to cover our expensive health insurance premium, and he stopped paying that as well. I am chronically ill and need medication that costs tens of thousands per month without insurance.  


NEWPOST:
Long story short, my ex is pregnant with my child. We get along just fine. I don't think any issues will arise but I am worried she might run off with the soon to be kid. We both currently live in MT. She is planning on moving in with her parents in WI before the kid is born. I have no texts or written stuff from her stating the kid is mine. Everything happened verbally. I want to have every part as much as her in the raising of our kid. The situation seems civil but I want to make sure if things go south that my kid isn't just gone from my life because I might not be able to prove it's my kid. I hope that I can be present for the birth but at the end of the day it's her decision not mine

&#x200B;

I'm not trying to take full custody or do anything of the sort

I am 30 and she is 38 if that helps clear anything up


NEWPOST:
 My neighbor is a redneck with his own business that takes way too much interest in my life and what goes on at my house. Sometimes it's good, if someone were to break in hedfire a gun over their heads. Other times it's bad, like recently.  We found a crossbow bolt on our property.  My bf went to the neighbors wife looking for neighbor,  he wasn't around so bf told her about the bolt, asked that if they lose an arrow to pick it up cause our dogs walk there. Neighbor comes down yelling wearing his sidearm  asking what my bf said to upset his wife, then went off on a barrage of insults culminating in him saying my bf is a dope dealer and he has video of him taking bags of drugs down the driveway to cars with out of state tags. That the cops are watching our house, taking pictures of all the tags and running background checks on the owners. Basically he says the cops are looking for any excuse to nail him (he had a warrant for child support he hid from for awhile), and the whole neighborhood knows he's a dope dealer and want him gone. We're older punk rockers and our friends are 2 train kids that come by and pick up my bf (he doesn't drive) all of them excluding my bf have medical cards as do I,  also my bf is an alcoholic  and my neighbor accused him of selling heroin. All this is very unsettling,  I own my home and don't want to move, my bf is afraid the neighbor is going to find a way to send him to jail or burn our house down, he's become very paranoid and feels unsafe here. But, my neighbor is all buddy buddy with cops and we're in a small town. So I don't think going to them would do any good. What can we do on a budget, we're pretty broke.


NEWPOST:
So my sister just broke the news she wanted to divorce her husband. They are living with the husbands parents and have been living there for a year. During the breakup tonight my sister wanted to just get her belongings and leave but the mother refused and told her to leave. But the ex husband didn’t want her to leave and smashed my sisters phone on the ground while doing that.
Eventually my sister left and said she will be back for her things tomorrow. If we involve the police can my sister get her belongings or would they tell us to just leave? 
If the ex husband is there being unruly or seems very prone to breaking something of my sisters will the police take that seriously?


NEWPOST:
So my children are minors when their grandparents  died  2  if them  weren’t born yet my ex was in the obituary and  then it just says 10 grand children and the other siblings I have no contact with his family and barley talk to him. I got mail him for the deceased, and it was one of those unclaimed properties flyers. It’s over 4K on their website it shows the decedents death certificate or obituary documents will be needed , I can get both of their obituaries but since my children are the only ones claiming I know I will need a copy of my exes state ID but he lives out of state. Only my address was only the papers and I wasn’t in the documents how would I claim it? I’m or would they make me wait for everyone to claim? ALSO these people have been dead since 08-and 11 and I’m constantly getting mail and taking to their dad he doesn’t open it he throws it away. 🤦🏻‍♀️ A LIFE INSURANCE CHECK FOR 4500 that would pay for his child’s braces YALL.


NEWPOST:
My Dad passed away but my mom is living. I never met him, but I met the family during the funeral. the court ordered him to provide child support. In nearly 18 years of my life he hasn’t given her the money. She’s currently re-filing the support papers, I just want to know where it will come from, if it does come at all ? Social Security ? His estate ? Or living members of the family ? I’m sure I missed some spots here and there so feel free to ask me questions as well for more context.


NEWPOST:
Basically, she’s an alcoholic and I caught her asking an ex for money to drink. Used manipulation by telling him she was afraid of me, and send her money for a room. Real reason was booze. She didn’t elaborate or say anything specific just afraid. 
Found her at work later that day, passed out in the parking lot, found their texts and confronted her when she sobered up. 
Breaking off contact once and for all were my terms for numerous reasons, mostly because he’s an enabler. 
She called him and texted a few times for him to stop contact. 
This dude is flipping out now, making threats to kill me the most alarming text reads as follows 

“give me this guy’s number. Also his name and address if he knows I know how to find him he will back off This shit stops now I’ll hunt him down like a fucking dog and he better pray I never find him it’s ok you told me where he lives if he hurts you he’s a fucking dead man I will not stop until he’s delt with” 

There are several emails and texts with death threats to me included, he sent a string of probably 10 emails this afternoon, after he was asked to stop contacting her. Many of which include threats of physical harm and death.
 
Another reads 

“I live in the one of the most conservative cities in the country lighting up psychos is no big deal” he also mentions his “bennilli 12 gauge” again, never not once spoken to this guy. And again, probably more than a dozen threats of violence and death in the span of 12 hours.

So restraining order? Is this violating any “threat” laws? It also is across state lines, tx and az


NEWPOST:
My ex has 3 children. His oldest (7) is raised by someone other than him and the mom. We have 2 children together (2 and 6 months) I have sole custody of our oldest. I got sole custody when we broke up the first time because he has alcohol and drug issues, he is unreliable and mentally unstable and cannot keep a job. When we are together he is okay, he doesn’t do his full job as a parent but does help when it’s convenient but I would never trust him to take either of my children overnight. 

His oldest has become well known to the parents addict issues and frequently is let down and disappointed but their absence. My ex recently missed our oldest child’s birthday last weekend. He took off from Friday night for 6 days with absolutely no contact. This is not the first time he has taken off for several days, but he has never missed our kids birthday (given this is only the second birthday) but he has missed their first Halloween, Easter, thanksgiving sort of deal. 

I’m tired of this continuing hurt cycle he inflicts on his oldest, and it’s starting with our oldest and I’m worried my children will grow up always hurting. In a legal sense, what can I do? I know cutting complete contact can be messy and toxic but I want to prevent my children from living this life comfortably the way his oldest does. I am in Alberta, Canada.


NEWPOST:
My disabled mother is being scammed out of her home of 18 years !

In 2005 my mom “purchased” a home with what she understood to be a “co-signer” (my stepsisters husband, we’ll call him G). My mom has lived in the house since & paid every bill & made every mortgage payment. The house is an older build & has been needing major repairs. Mom attempted to have the repairs done & came to the realization that she is no where on any of the house paperwork or the loans for the house. She immediately attempted to contact the G & is told he doesn’t know anything & he doesn’t want anything to do with the house & he was gonna sign it over to my step sister in their divorce & so she could sign it over to my mom. Well the divorce happened. My dad contacted his daughter regarding the house & she pretty much told him to go screw himself, she didn’t want anything to do with him or the house. My parents continued living in the house, continued making the mortgage payments. Continued attempting to make contact with G & my step sister to no avail. Well one of the loans on the house has matured & they’re wanting full payment of the remaining 13k on the loan or they’re threatening foreclosure. My mom became disabled & is on a fixed income. My dad is a migrant field worker & doesn’t make as much because he is elderly, suffers from diabetes & is going blind. My sister & I were able to locate G using social media, public records, google maps & a little detective work. We went to his residence & informed him of the situation & told him we are willing to pay off the remaining balance of both loans all he has to do is sign over the house like he originally agreed. 
He is refusing to sign it over until the ex wife signs. He claims he signed it over in the divorce, but on the divorce decree the property address is incorrect (goes to show how involved they’ve been with the property) & the title is still in his name & only his name. We drove 4 hours to visit my step sister & ask her to sign, well she’s still bitter from her divorce & is demanding half of what the property is worth. I honestly feel they’re gonna screw my mom over for something she’s invested so much into. My parents can’t afford legal help, can’t afford to move & will soon be homeless. Any advice?


NEWPOST:
Hi, I'm new here and on mobile so not sure how things work. I'm honestly not sure if this belongs here.

Sometime last year I pawned the laptop my ex bought me for valentine's day because I was in a bind and needed food and gas. 
 Two months ago I went to go get it out after paying on it the whole time it was in there. Which was only three months since I try to rotate between my three items. 
 I learned that the day I went to go get it they had sold it because it was apparently past due despite me paying on it the month before. 
 When bringing it up to one of the managers they discovered the account was tampered with and messes up so it showed the laptop over due and able to be sold I assume to the person who messed it up in the first place. 
 They since fired the person but haven't made any attempt to replace the laptop with one they have in stock or give me any money so I can replace it myself. 
 
Some information. The laptop was a gaming laptop an acer predator Helios 3000(I think I can't remember exactly) it was about $1,300-1,400 on Amazon. 
I personally cannot afford that or any other laptop to replace it as I'm on the streets in an rv with no transmission at the moment. And was in the same rv when it was given to me. I also can't afford any lawyers and honestly don't know how to go through that process. 


 I just feel like they should of done something about it since I always go there and pawn with them and almost always gets my stuff out. I've been with them for over 2 years now and know most of the staff. What should I do?


NEWPOST:
So my soon-to-be ex husband and I decided to divorce. He was trying to buy a house but couldn’t qualify for a loan on his own, and we still had a joint account open. He asked me to sign a “gift letter” for an amount that was less than what we had in our joint account, and I felt bad for him and signed it. He never withdrew the amount, and closed on his house a year and a half ago.

Finally getting around to doing divorce paperwork, and the divorce has gotten VERY nasty. I’m worried the gift letter will come back to bite me in one of two ways:

-Will he claim that I owe him the money, since he never withdrew it? (He also has never asked me for it or indicated that I owe it to him.)

-If he gets busted for mortgage fraud some day, am I going down with him?

He’s tried to pull every dirty trick in the book to get his hands on the substantial inheritance my grandmother left me, so I don’t put it past him to use this against me somehow. Thank you.

Edit to add: I was trying to keep this from being recognized so didn’t share this detail: the discovery request from his lawyer asks how I “characterize the $X gift”. This could have gone on r/divorce, but thought it would apply to any gift letter situation. 

Really, though, can I report him for mortgage fraud without getting myself in trouble?


NEWPOST:
My daughter is 19, and has never provide me proof that she has attended college. She graduated May 2002, from high school. 

I sent her a letter requesting the information. Waited 30 days.  Letter was sent with signature confirmation. 

Filed paper work with court to terminate  child support. Waited those thirty days (it was up today). They did not contest. Will get a judgment next week. 

My real question is, can I sue, the Mother for the child support to be repaid, From June 01, 2022.* 

Edited for clarifaction.

Thank you.


NEWPOST:
In the state of CO, unwed parents can opt to sign a voluntary Acknowledgement of Parentage form at birth. This establishes paternity for the father. 

Also in the state of CO, for unwed couples, mothers maintain sole physical and legal custody until a court order is established. 

My child’s father and I signed the paternity form and we have always been unwed. Now separated. 

So in this case, if the father refuses to return the child at the agreed upon time, what can be done? Will the police be willing to get involved and demand the father return the child to mom? 

Also, if the father goes to work and leaves the child with family, can the mother/police then intervene to regain the child (since the child is not technically in the fathers custody at this point?)

I want to give my child to her father when he is not at work, in good faith that she will be returned to me before he returns to work. However, I’m not 100% certain he won’t try to keep her and give her to (very unsafe) family while he works.

Thank you in advance!

ETA: I am pursuing court/mediation/parenting plan. This is a question for the meantime.


NEWPOST:
So my ex asked for 180 days to pay me half of his court ordered payment from his 401K. He got the check in October of last year. I know because the idiot sent it to my house and I had to give it to him.  I gave it to him the day after I received it. 180 days was up this past Wednesday. He’s had the check for six months and He hasn’t paid it.  I also know from paperwork that he had enough to pay it the day the court ordered it. I saw copies of his bank accounts bc I had to confirm I didn’t know anything about them and wasn’t associated with them in any way. 

What do I need to do? And whatever I do, will he know I did it?  I don’t want to make him mad bc we have kids and I don’t want him to take it out on them bc he’s mad at me. 

I’ve been nothing but nice to him even though he abandoned us and took all of our money/savings when he left. He cheated on me with prostitutes and there is so much more. But I’ve been nice for the sake of my children. 

It isn’t a lot of money. But to a single momma it is. Especially since I was forced to start from scratch. I was a SAHM for six years.  I lost my house, car and savings. If I hired a lawyer, I would probably pay him what I would get from the 401k. So it wouldnt be worth it. What do I do?  I want and deserve that money.  Even if not for me, but for my kids.


NEWPOST:
For context, this is in the state of Wisconsin.

My (divorced) father passed away unexpectedly earlier this year and he did not have a will or any other legal documents for handling his death.

Additionally, my Dad basically had no measurable assets besides a used car (less than 10k in value). Bank accounts were empty, no house, no other large property, etc. In fact he owes more money than he had. He was mostly paycheck to paycheck.

My family is aware that we are not responsible for any of his debts. My Dad did have life insurance and a 401k which went to beneficiaries already.

My sister and I did a free consultation with a local lawyer who basically said we can disregard all of his debts and we don't have to worry about his "estate" because there basically is no estate - it would be insolvent. As for his car, we were told we could take it to the DMV to have it swapped into one of our names.

My questions are:

1. Is the approach of not worrying about his "estate" correct? If there is nothing to put in the estate, then there just isn't an estate right? 

2. We've been told we should file his taxes. If he owes money to the IRS, who is responsible for that given that there is no money in the estate?

3. Does anyone have any info on how to handle the car? I'm skeptical the DMV would just swap the car into someone's name. Money is also still owed on the loan for the car.

Is there anything else we should know about or consider?

Thank you for your time/advice.


NEWPOST:
Two friends of mine had a domestic violence 3rd degree harassment issue.  Instead of divorce they've, through their attorney's, decided to dismiss the divorce.  However the one spouse has a no contact bail/bond condition.  

Due to the couple having a child together the one spouse is trying to get the no contact order removed with no luck.  Is it possible for one spouse to leave the house and the other come into the house for a period of time?  Would that violate the order even if they don't communicate directly or indirectly?  This is mainly because the spouse with the charge is having issues with finding housing and child care is an issue.

This is in Alabama.


NEWPOST:
Hello, the situation I'm dealing with involves my parents' divorce, and my mother's behavior towards my father afterwards. I am a minor and reside with my father, although I still spend some time with my mother occasionally. However, during these visits, I have noticed that my mother often asks probing questions that imply she is seeking information about my father. As a result, I have made it clear to her that I will not discuss my father or any details related to him with her. Nevertheless, I feel as though she has become more adept at disguising her inquiries, making it difficult to talk about how I'm doing without mentioning my father. I hardly text her anymore because of this.

This has been going on for around a year now, and recently, it appears that my mother's behavior has become more aggressive. She has been taking photographs of the addresses on our mail, which my father has sent to his girlfriend's residence due to safety concerns with the mail system at our apartment. Furthermore, while my mother was talking to me at the entrance of our apartment, I noticed her taking pictures of the interior. When I requested that she delete the photos, she declined, refused to show me the camera roll, and left.

I am worried about any potential negative consequences that my father may face due to my mother's actions. Is there any advice you can offer on what steps I can take or what I can tell my father to ensure our safety?


NEWPOST:
Today, the school my cousin's son attends, released him to his estranged father that he hasn't seen in a year. The school has a listed of approved people that can pick a child up from school. The father is not on that list. He simply showed up to school with a birth certificate and his ID and they release the child to him. The father is now not returning any phones calls. 

They never filed for custody, so I believe they have joint custody by default. Is there anything to be done about this? Was the school supposed to let him take the child?


NEWPOST:
My wife assaulted me and went to jail. I did nothing to retaliate. She was bonded out by her mom. She served a punishment, I don't harbor a grudge but I am not going to be supporting her either.(she also makes more money than me)

We are separated and separated all of our joint accounts and assets but haven't started divorce proceedings. And are on friendly speaking terms.

She called me and said she needs an attorney for her court case and was filling out an Affidavit of Indigence. She said I must supply her information in order to complete the form or else it's considered perjury.

I don't want to deny her a lawyer but I am not going to stick my neck out to be bound up in her legal fees to defend her in a case about how she attacked me.

Is this true? I have to fill this form out for her in order for her to get a court appointed lawyer?


NEWPOST:
(NOTE: Throwaway for obvious reasons; happy to verify my main account with the mods if that's against the rules. Also my apologies if this flair is incorrect; I chose the one that felt most accurate.)

So my parents adopted a friendly stray cat a few years ago who had been wandering our neighborhood for months. They had no collar, no chip, no shots or any evidence that they may have belonged to anyone else before, and attempt was made to find an owner pretty thoroughly before properly adopting them, both from my parents and others in the neighborhood (using resources like Nextdoor and Facebook). Since then they've been chipped and given appropriate shots and veterinary care on the regular.

Suddenly just a week ago, one of our neighbors saw a picture of the cat on social media and decided that it's actually their cat who has supposedly been missing pretty close to around the time we adopted ours. They've made multiple requests to my parents to pass over custody of their cat, which my parents of course denied. Today they received certified mail from this neighbor stating the intent to sue if custody of the cat isn't granted.

I'm convinced the neighbor is lying for a multitude of reasons. For example, they claim their lost cat has the same name as the one my parents adopted, but I was the one who suggested that name for my parents' cat, which sounds like it would be a very remarkable coincidence. Said neighbor also claims to have not seen any attempts to find an owner on Nextdoor because they didn't have a Nextdoor account at the time, but a perusal of their account shows they've been an active user on Nextdoor for YEARS before my parents adopted their cat. Said neighbor also suddenly put up a post on Nextdoor looking for their lost cat shortly before confronting my parents, which doesn't make sense if this was a cat they've been missing for years. And those are just the few big ones.

So like, what are my parents' options here and what does the law say? Should they call this neighbor's bluff? Countersue for emotional distress? Is there even any precedence on someone claiming someone else's cat as theirs YEARS after said cat was adopted "on the books," with no ownership evidence of their own? I'm just really scared because we all love this kitty as family, and someone literally down the street from us coming out of nowhere to say we stole the cat from them has been distressing as hell.


NEWPOST:
I could really use some legal advice, as me and my husband are arguing a bit back and fourth about this. My husband suffers from really bad Adhd - medication don't help - and anxiety, this is obviously a combo which makes it really hard for him to find work. Because of that I have been suggesting that he may plead his case and hopefully get disabled benefits, which would make his life a lot easier, however.. He believes that if he gets disabled benefits and gets accepted as unable to work, that he will lose all ability to have custody and hopefully full custody of his son some day. He is a very loving and attentive father, and he has never once made me doubt his abilities to be a father. Beside that he is marrying me in the start of May, and I got a stable job and somewhat high end sales degree, which I personally also believe counts towards custody, as it shows we are a stable household with a solid income and will be able to provide for the kid. Is there anyone who would be able to answer whether it really will matter in a custody case or not, as I personally think the judgment should be on the person's ability to take care of their kids, and not whether they are unable to work, but that is just my personal opinion ofcause, that doesn't mean the system is put together that way


NEWPOST:
My ex boyfriend has been harassing my husband. I don’t know the exact address or where my ex currently resides, I just know he’s in one of two states in mind. We have chosen not to talk to him. He’s made multiple social media accounts to try to friend my husband, emailed his work email, sent threatening letters to our house, and somehow got ahold of my husbands phone number and began texting him. He just sends old pictures of me and him to my husband and says dirty things and wants to talk to my husband and belittle him pretty much. He keeps implying that he wants to meet up with him and talk to him. We chose to block him and ignore all of his attempts to contact. The only thing we did was we sent a cease and desist letter via email since we don’t know where he physically resides. He still contacted us after the C&D letter. Any advice would be appreciated. My ex doesn’t have money so we don’t want to sue him (there’s nothing to gain) and we don’t really wanna see him get locked up, we just want the behavior to stop. He already has a sad life and we just want the best for him and to leave us alone. He’s just harassing my husband for no reason. It’s uncomfortable and annoying. I don’t know how he got ahold of my husbands phone number or work email and I know he’s a hacker. I’m not sure if he’ll ever have the audacity to show up at our front door. How can we protect ourselves? What can we do? We shouldn’t have to live the rest of our lives in fear. We had to completely wipe our names off Google and social media. I can’t shake off the thought of wanting to move but we don’t have the money to do that at the moment. I’m pretty much untraceable and he has not made attempts to contact me personally. I know he still has feelings for me obviously. I don’t want to live this way forever. I’m not sure what he’s capable of doing because I never saw this side of him before, but the way he’s acting and talking to my husband is concerning.


NEWPOST:
I am going through a divorce with my ex, we have two children, a mortgage, two car loans, and a good amount of stuff. As of this writing I have filled divorce but we’re still officially married. We’re in Texas.


Last fall, while we were married, he formed three companies: a LLP which owns a for-profit LLC which owns a non-profit LLC. According to the business structure, he and I each have a 1% stake in the LLP, and each of the LLCs own 49% stake in the LLP. My ex owns 100% of the for-profit LLC, which owns 100% of the non-profit LLC. There was no official legal counsel consulted for the formation of these companies; he got a Partnership Agreement template for the LLC from a LegalZoom equivalent. I do have a copy of that I can consult if questions arise.


He basically is trying to turn our “estate” into a business. He says the LLP owns our house and all our assets and liabilities. *He* and *I* don’t actually own anything, it’s all considered a depreciable asset of the LLP. According to his 2022 Annual Report, each of the 3 companies are considered a “Real Estate Investment Trust” and none of them have any tax due. He hasn’t done any business with the for-profit or non-profit LLCs, no clients, $0 in the business bank accounts.


If you check the public records for our home, only his and my names are on the deed of our house, not any of the companies.


He did a complete estate asset valuation table that included almost every item in our home that we own. I’ll mention, last spring we sold our first house and got a pretty hefty cash profit, about $80k of which went into a down payment and upgrades on our current house. The remaining $80k he pretty much unilaterally spent on STUFF. I wanted to invest, I tried to save, but he spent it, and more, putting us further in credit card debt. Our couples therapist heavily suspected Narcissistic Personality Disorder, that coupled with lots of other stuff led to me filing for divorce.


It was my understanding that in the divorce, I am entitled to half our community property, or realistically half the fair market value of our community property. Especially since he spent all our cash, we can’t afford our mortgage, car payments, and preschool tuition without his mom’s help, so all we really have is *stuff*.


I wrote up a proposal because we’re trying to settle out of court. I do have legal representation (I’m going to confer with him about this of course, but I want to be armed with all the info I can), but my ex is representing himself. We agree on custody entirely (50/50), and he didn’t seem to have an issue with the standard child support calculator. We mutually want a good-faith, inexpensive, efficient, out-of-court settlement.


Upon reading my proposal, he said I have NO claim to half the value of our assets because they’re owned by the LLP. I don’t think he has an issue physically giving me some stuff, but he doesn’t think he owes me half the fair market value of the community property he’s keeping. Is that legit? Everything I’ve read about hiding assets from divorce in LLCs is referencing LLCs formed PRIOR to marriage, where the assets wouldn’t be community property. He says I’m entitled to half the equity of our LLP, which is all our assets minus all our liabilities, which conveniently equals zero according to his valuations. 


I’m well over my head here, and trying not to be the victim of his mental/emotional/financial abuse anymore. If anyone has read this far and has input, I am so grateful.


NEWPOST:
How do I go about finding a lawyer for my needs? I have a civil case with an ex of mine for partition of sale but I keep getting bounced around from office to office and it’s really frustrating


NEWPOST:
 Info- husband and i met in 2016, in 2017 we house shopped, He bought the house, i signed nothing, we have a 3 year old and have been married since 2018. We live in Arizona. 

 I may be filing for divorce, what legal grounds do i have on the house?  Am i entitled to half?  He has always refused to let me contribute to bills. He pays the house, and household bills.  I pay our childcare and our cell phones.  I pay for 95% of our kids needs. I have payed for a new shower remodel (7k) and new built ins framing the fireplace for 5k.  He payed for the new flooring upstairs.  

So i have somewhat contributed to our home exspenses but not in a traditional split of bills. 

Income wise, i make roughly 55k annually, he makes around 50k and gets roughly 30k in disability annually.  

He uses the house in fights and tells me to get the fuck out of his house. Its very frustrating,  and he threatens to throw me out. He is also suicidal and severly depressed and has severe PTSD. 
I am at my wits end because he is emotionally abussive, and quite scary at times.


NEWPOST:
An old roommate moved out two years ago but never updated his address because he was trying to avoid child support. Last week I was waken up at 6am to banging on my door and four sheriffs outside with an arrest warrant. I told him he didn't live here anymore but of course they still searched because the address was on the warrant. 

Will the court note that he does not live here anymore or do I need to take more action to make sure  this doesnt happen again? As you can imagine it was really embarrassing in a quiet neighborhood.


NEWPOST:
My fiance and I were concerned that if we got married my ex wife would be able to sue for child support. During our divorce we both waived rights to child support from one another, but my fiance is a doctor and makes leagues more than my ex and I put together. If we were to get married would my ex wife have grounds to ask for child support even though she denied it before?


NEWPOST:
I am currently starting to get more serious with a woman who will have an upcoming custody battle. I currently have no kids myself. I had a child endangerment misdemeanor about 8 years ago and I am wonder how this will or even if it would affect her upcoming custody battle.


NEWPOST:
Hey everyone, this takes place in Louisiana. So, my friend is beginning a custody case and her lawyer has filed for custody, child support, and restraining order which was apparently signed by a judge yesterday (according to her lawyer). Today, her lawyer has announced to her over the phone that he will not be her lawyer anymore, he doesn't want to be a lawyer at all, as well as some personal insults I won't repeat here. She has already contacted a second attorney but he was busy and said he will have to call her back (she spoke to him previously when deciding on representation so he's somewhat aware of her case).

Is there anything she needs to do today before the courts close to help the transition? What happens if her ex is served by the court before she can lock down another attorney? (I worry for her safety and now she doesn't have anyone to ask legal questions to for the time being). Can she file a complaint against him (attorney) and what would that look like? Can she litigate here? He's being really unprofessional and making an already difficult time even harder.

Also, I paid his retainer to represent her. He told her he would give it back (and his parents are both high up in the legal realm in her area so I have hope that will be worked out fairly easily as they probably don't want this incident made public). But, if I do have to fight for the retainer, what steps would we need to take?

Unrelated, I'm also pretty pissed off. I wanted her to choose a different lawyer because she knew this guy had some personal issues but she felt he had his life back on track and with his family connections, she thought he would be able to navigate this competently. He did exactly 2 things (took my money and filed the first stack of papers) and then took a swan dive into insanity. I'm livid. I want to fire off complaints on every legal review site I can find (but I won't for now). He also was recently assigned a juvenile murder case from the state (he volunteered that info to me when I was on the phone with him to pay the retainer) so he's just fucking with so many people's lives right now! Vent over. 

Thank you if you read this far and thank you for any insight you guys can offer. This is still playing out in real time so I'm sure more info will come up as things develope.


NEWPOST:
Hi, I just don’t know what to do anymore. My mom and step-dad are getting a divorce recently. He COMPLETELY changed, he is a different person in the past couple months. He served my mom papers one month ago, today. They’re still living in the same house. My mom is the absolute sweetest and nicest person you will ever meet and he is being absolutely awful to her. He is demanding almost everything in the divorce, he’s been having an affair, constantly calling the police on my mom for things he’s making up, and he just got my mom kicked out of her own house today for 2 weeks. He somehow got a protective order on her for “breaking his things” which she did not. It just infuriates me that he can do all these things when it was his decision to get divorced and he’s having an affair and just on overall terrible person. I just don’t understand it seems like he’s “winning” right now. What can I do to help my mom? Is there anything I can do to get him kicked out? Anything I can do with the fact he’s having an affair? Please help, I just don’t know what to do and how to help my mom and it just breaks my heart. Thank you.


NEWPOST:
Hello, 
So long story short. My sister was married to this man who was an alcoholic & fought with her constantly, (never abused the kids but constantly abused her) she had taken her two kids (14 & 9) and went to my mother's house an hour away in a different state for 12 days to get away from him, school ended up calling CPS & the children ended up being taken away from my sister and placed with my father. CPS gave the case to a foster agency as I am sure they have a huge caseload. But that agency has completely left my sister out of the loop and has gone to extreme lengths to keep my sister from her kids. My sister has moved to a new house, filed for divorce from her husband and has had no contact with him at all, she has done hair follicle drug tests and passed them all. Today was court & the 14 year olds father was there who has been out of his life since he was 5 months old, requesting custody of him???? Has never even met this kid since he left him at 5 mo, or spoke to him Mind you, this father has been in and out of prison, once for being behind on child support for said child. 14 yo wants absolutely nothing to do with him & has cried to his mother to get his last named changed for years. The foster agency didn't say a single word to my sister at court today, and was completely rude to her but spoke all nice to the dead beat father, giving him paperwork, telling him all the steps he needed to take to get custody, etc. What do you know? Judge ordered him to take a hair follicle & we have another court date 3 months from now. We have no idea what to do to get these kids back with my sister as they are constantly calling us and her begging to come.back. I have called numerous attorneys and all are afraid to take cases against CPS. Also, this foster agency was just sued for 10m and lost due to fraud & not giving kids back so they can collect checks on them. Reviews of this place are filled with parents scammed by them. 
!! I understand there sounds like there is more to the story, but there really isn't much more my sister has been the absolute best mother,  but married the wrong guy and couldnt leave
 I also understand that there are alot of children that need to be taken out of homes, but my neice and nephew were not one .


NEWPOST:
 **Advice needed and much appreciated.**

First off, let me give you a run down on what happened....

My mom hired an agency which hired me as their employee to get paid as my mom's caregiver. Mom is extremely displeased with the Owners of the company and their unprofessionalism, so she terminates them as her agency. My boss repeated to me "You can quit." "You can quit." In which I replied, I'm not quitting. I go into work to pick up my paycheck today since my mom has terminated them as her agency and my boss tells me she needs me to sign some forms. When I asked her what they were, she said that they were separation papers and what was marked off on them had an checked box that said that I involuntarily quit. I told her I wasn't signing the papers. Then she hands me a form that shows $50 dollars deducted from my paycheck for a background check. I reiterated again that I didn't quit and then she then forces me to take a shift with a client, either 6 or 12 hour shift for the very next day. I told her she can't legally force me to take a client, in which she says that I'm refusing to take an assignment and then asked me to turn in my badge. 

What in the utter bullshit was this?! and where do I go from here? I feel discriminated upon due to my mom letting them go as her hired agency, but I feel like I was wrongfully terminated. 

**Any suggestions, advice, or direction would be appreciated. And if anything, someone to validate how incredibly fucked up this situation was. <3**


NEWPOST:
My friend (actually not me I’m literally asking because I care about this person) recently filed divorce and restraining order against husband. Helped her testify against him at the restraining order hearing, but the judge did not grant the permanent restraining order. 

We shared info about his alcoholism, his temper- destruction of property when angry, and scared minor child walking in on attempted suicide with gun twice. We shared that info amongst other details like drunken rants about crazy political conspiracy beliefs, copious amounts of artillery, and how he admitted to infidelity against her. Basically for over a decade, she’s been emotionally abused- gaslighted, to outsiders they’d see perfect marriage and appearance of financial stability but behind closed doors/behind the scenes he’s been an asshole to her… Over the year there have been red flags friends like us would witness: some she informed us about, some we picked up on ourselves. The guy has been cool to us overall so nobody has wanted to get in the middle, but after what happened recently that’s a different story. 

Lately things got out of hand where he’s punching walls and destroying physical property when they have disagreements. I’ve seen him get in her face many times, been scared what he would do to her. She has confided in me over the years many times how scared she was but was not sure what to do. She was trying to come up with plan to leave, but secretly as she didn’t want to rock the boat… Since their latest blow up, she finally got that courage to file for divorce and he has been making her life hell since (manipulation, lying, talking badly about her to others/making up stories trying to get them to think she’s crazy so he can take their kid). He demonstrates narcissistic behavior and is a smooth talker that has said things over the years to make her sound like just another crazy b**ch. 

The cherry on top of all this being that he’s taken all their money out of the bank, not paid the mortgage and other bills for months, and not paid money he owes other people for various things he’s sold (cars, claiming to pay friends for handiwork around the house and not ever doing so). I guess he’s always trying to stay in control. 

Anyway, the husband had threatened suicide twice and got aggressive, cops were called as prior event leading up to temporary restraining order and this court date. 

We let judge know we still care about this guy just that we believe he needs help. We also mentioned being scared of him retaliating because of this trial.

Everyone with a conscience has been scared of this man because of threats he’s made and physical ability to follow through on them (diagnosed bipolar on meds, who because likes hunting, has a room filled with weapons. Legal weapons but still weapons nonetheless).

Despite this, the judge would not grant the order (said much of the info was “irrelevant”).

What the ****?!

Is there anything she can do to appeal this? Her husband will want to come home soon and she is genuinely scared for her safety (retaliation). She is also afraid he will try to take their child.


NEWPOST:
A few weeks ago a server showed up while I was working (work went to work at home for Covid and has still not called us back to the office), she served him papers for someone who's first name is my last name, and who's last name is my first name. As soon as she handed him the summons he could see the obvious mistake and tried to advise her, but she just said he was wrong, you have been served and left. 

I called the court to explain the mistake, then also sent an email to the clerk of the court explaining the mistake, the clerk responded saying she would forward the information to the people that needed to be informed and I thought the matter was resolved. 

A week later I got mail from the court that had been sent a few days after I emailed the clerk of the court. I emailed her back but no response, it's been nearly a week with no response, I sent 1 follow up email after 3 days but that also received no response. 

The summons is only a week away, it's in Niagara Falls NY which is over 2000 miles away. It's a child support issue between people I have never met but the paperwork is covered with threats of a bench warrant for non compliance. 

My huge concern is that at some point due to this mistake by the court, police are going to show up in the middle of the day while I am working and interrupt that which could get me in serious trouble with my employer and I really want to avoid that. 

I feel like at this point talking to a lawyer might be my best bet, but even a lot of the "affordable" lawyer web pages I have looked have snippets on them that are like (Get started for as little as $500) which seems like a lot of money to me. 

I am having a hard time trying to figure out how to protect myself from this mess and am hoping I can get some advice.


NEWPOST:
This isnt a custody issue but it's related to one.

I have placement of my kids but right now they're with my ex.

The people who handle her transportation had their access to the kids limited for safety reasons.

Upon becoming aware of this they refused to bring the children home to me.

My ex has convinced them to help her return the children and they agreed but stated it'd be the last time they ever bring her anywhere.

Considering this statement and the type of people they are, I consider it a very real possibility that they may leave my ex stranded here as revenge.

It's a three hour drive from here to her house and I have no means of transporting her home.

If they were to do this would they be violating any laws in the State of New York? If they are we can inform them of this ahead of time in the hopes of preventing it from happening in the first place.


NEWPOST:
Long story short, lent an ex my second phone when she smashed hers out of anger at me discovering she was cheating, told her until she got a new one. Caught her cheating again last July, broke it off and had my sister (I had her blocked on everything) tell her to return the phone, both my ex and ex's mother stated the phone was going to be returned to my place of work, never happened.

Ex reported me for rape at gunpoint in December, turned the phone in as some sort of evidence. Police say the phone will be returned to her when they're finished processing it since my ex "advised" them it was a gift so apparently it's a civil issue even though I've shown them proof that my ex stated "his phone" was going to be returned to me.

The phone was purchased online back in like 2017, I dont even remember where I bought it from let alone how to find a receipt so I dont know where to go from here. 

Phone was over $500 at the time, I dont know if it's even worth it to try and get it back. I'm using a very old android atm because they also Seized my S21 in december and I guess is still being processed by CCU for some reason.

So my question is, is the phone worth trying to get back? I have no idea how the legal system works so I don't know if I'd have to pay to take her to court for stolen property. Do I make a stolen property report even though the phone is already in police possession? And would witnesses and the proof of her statements be enough without a receipt?


NEWPOST:
When I was 15, my uncle adopted me legally and was awarded money from social security. This money was from my deceased mother’s accumulated living wages. It was awarded to him as I was a minor and was meant to care for me. 

This living arrangement did not last long however. After 6 months or so I was kicked out of the house over a petty squabble over food. I ultimately became a ward of the state. My uncle no longer had custody of me. I ended up living in a group home until I graduated high school.

I discovered during a visit to my uncle’s house that he was still receiving social security checks. I opened one, as it had my name on it. He was still receiving money from my dead mother’s social security and continued to for about 7 years afterwards.

My grandmother knew about this and said he deserved the money for all of the trouble I caused him. 

My family is full of sociopaths and I have zero contact with them due to this and many other issues. 

Anyway I was wondering if anyone could offer legal advice. If there was anything at all I could do.


NEWPOST:
I'm not getting any legal advice or guideline but my sister is going thru a divorce with her husband but they have both been living separate for the past year. Her husband is kinda abusive and was torturing emotionally mentally. Sometimes she felt scared to live with him because of anger and mood. He put his hands on her twice but my sister never reported to the police as she was scared of her relationship causing more problems and being worried what the society might say if she did take any action. So because of all this stuff they both lived in separate states until recently she received ex parte temporary order for divorce. He wants to get a divorce and move on. Unfortunately my sister doesn't have proper guideline on what her legal rights are. Her husband doesn't want to pay money for the things she has done. Like my sister got married in her country and she is u.s citizen but husband has green card. So my sister spend a lot of money with the paperwork for immigration and for the fees and greencard. She even was paying for the car and cell phone services but her husband just wants to deny from paying any expenses. His intentions were only to come to this country and get permanent residence. My sister feels like he has done fraud marriage to obtain residency here. She is not able to afford lawyer or attorney and doesn't know what to do next. She feels hopeless


NEWPOST:
We just broke up and I need to figure out my next steps to make sure I am still able to see and/or possibly get custody of my daughter. 

I live in SC if that helps. I know it’s a state that favors mothers so any help would be better than none. Thanks in advance.


NEWPOST:
WA State: I rented a home with an ex partner. 3.5 years later I filed a protection order and was awarded the house in the permanent order. What I thought would be relief for my daughter and I was just continued abuse through the homeowner. Lots of violations regarding unannounced visits (several documented) wrongful eviction attempts, months w/out a working refrigerator and ultimately threatened with unlawful detainer if not gone within 90 days due to his intent to sell the home. I assumed he would sell to the ex but blatantly turned around and rented (cheaper) and to be sure that I'm aware had the protection order amended. Every attorney I've contacted has pushed me towards small claims or states that I need a different lawyer. I've reached out to personal injury and landlord tenant. My daughter and I have dealt with a lot over the past year and its way beyond small claims. I can't even get a return call from the local dispute resolution center...We are now out of state and lost insurance, long term primary care physicians, therapist, and ESA had to be euthanized after the move due to the stress of it all. Plus all of the security deposit is not being returned (to me anyway). There's obviously back door deals here. What can we do?


NEWPOST:
My fiancé (21F) and I (21M) recently broke up. She cheated on me and I found out it has been going on for months prior to our breakup. I am deployed to Iraq currently. I could not control my emotions or my actions and I started calling her parents and her friends in search of answers as to if she has cheated in the past as well. I found a password that she left in my Google account and I used the password to log into her Facebook and I went through countless conversations and I found messages between her and someone she claimed she doesn’t know. He tried sleeping with her, she turned him down from what I saw but there was a text message that she sent saying “ngl when you hmu I thought about getting with you” The conversation then continued to Snapchat which I don’t have access to. There was also a conversation with her ex which I found while I was in AIT in 2021 about her asking him to come over and when I asked her about it she logged me out and deleted the conversation and after she deleted she sent him a message saying “aye i'm gonna delete you off fb n snap n shit, anthony is being suspicious about us hanging out and shit. him and i are tryna get straight w eachother so it's probably best for us to just not hang out anymore, i don't want to ruin my marriage for this shit yk. sorry man” I just can’t help myself to stop looking for answers I don’t want to find. She knows I’ve been through her Facebook and she and her new boyfriend are threatening to press charges against me for Breach of Privacy and Harassment. I promised to leave her alone but she still owes me money for the bills that I’m still paying for. The electricity, internet, phone. I want to cancel them all right now because I fear she won’t pay me for them like she said she would but I’m scared that if I do she will press charges against me. I haven’t made any death threats towards her but I did expose the screenshots on Facebook since which I have deleted them. How deep of a grave have I dug myself?


NEWPOST:
I'm going thru a divorce and representing myself. Been married 15 years bur seperated 11. I thought I was happily married till Jan 2012 he informed me we had 24 hours to move out of our recently rented 3 bedroom house. He hid all the eviction paperwork from me and went to court and I was unaware so I wasn't their. I went to my Moms and I don't know where my Husband went as he kept me uninformed. My Mom and Sister both passed away in 2013 and after years of battling over my Moms estate I finally had to move last year. I have tried to reach out to my Ex over the years thru social media but my messages go ignored.  I asked him for a divorce finally last year henceforth  My husband retained an attorney. I have requested alimony for the ½time we were actively married but his attorney doesn't agree. We had a Meet and Confer yesterday and He tried to tell ke their is a 2 year time limit however we never filed any seperation paperwork till last year. He threatened to fight me on his retirement that I am listed as the beneficiary if I didn't drop my Alimony request. I firmly stood my ground as I conveyed to him that I met my Husbamd I was disabled from a tumor that destroyed my bone in my arm. I still an disabled, I couldn't get him to contact me for any help, and he has cost me severely with his evictions, credit, possessions, and mainly damage to my relationship with my 3 kids from a prior relationship.i also requested his wedding ring as o had all my Family Heirlooms made into our wedding sets just months prior to his surprise move out , his is with large yellow diamonds diamonds. Do I have any rights? We lived together since 2004 and  married in 03//2008 we seperated in 03/2012 .


NEWPOST:
The trial is almost a year away. He was court-ordered to pay alimony pendente lite, and he just stopped paying (purely out of anger), giving no notice to me or his lawyers. His noncompliance is EXTREME. He has already been held in contempt twice over other matters, and there are additional contempt motions pending.  He is not at all dissuaded by contempt motions. He is self-employed, so I can’t garnish his wages. He was also court-ordered to cover our expensive health insurance premium, and he stopped paying that as well. I am chronically ill and need medication that costs tens of thousands per month without insurance.  


NEWPOST:
I am going through a divorce with my ex, we have two children, a mortgage, two car loans, and a good amount of stuff. As of this writing I have filled divorce but we’re still officially married. We’re in Texas.


Last fall, while we were married, he formed three companies: a LLP which owns a for-profit LLC which owns a non-profit LLC. According to the business structure, he and I each have a 1% stake in the LLP, and each of the LLCs own 49% stake in the LLP. My ex owns 100% of the for-profit LLC, which owns 100% of the non-profit LLC. There was no official legal counsel consulted for the formation of these companies; he got a Partnership Agreement template for the LLC from a LegalZoom equivalent. I do have a copy of that I can consult if questions arise.


He basically is trying to turn our “estate” into a business. He says the LLP owns our house and all our assets and liabilities. *He* and *I* don’t actually own anything, it’s all considered a depreciable asset of the LLP. According to his 2022 Annual Report, each of the 3 companies are considered a “Real Estate Investment Trust” and none of them have any tax due. He hasn’t done any business with the for-profit or non-profit LLCs, no clients, $0 in the business bank accounts.


If you check the public records for our home, only his and my names are on the deed of our house, not any of the companies.


He did a complete estate asset valuation table that included almost every item in our home that we own. I’ll mention, last spring we sold our first house and got a pretty hefty cash profit, about $80k of which went into a down payment and upgrades on our current house. The remaining $80k he pretty much unilaterally spent on STUFF. I wanted to invest, I tried to save, but he spent it, and more, putting us further in credit card debt. Our couples therapist heavily suspected Narcissistic Personality Disorder, that coupled with lots of other stuff led to me filing for divorce.


It was my understanding that in the divorce, I am entitled to half our community property, or realistically half the fair market value of our community property. Especially since he spent all our cash, we can’t afford our mortgage, car payments, and preschool tuition without his mom’s help, so all we really have is *stuff*.


I wrote up a proposal because we’re trying to settle out of court. I do have legal representation (I’m going to confer with him about this of course, but I want to be armed with all the info I can), but my ex is representing himself. We agree on custody entirely (50/50), and he didn’t seem to have an issue with the standard child support calculator. We mutually want a good-faith, inexpensive, efficient, out-of-court settlement.


Upon reading my proposal, he said I have NO claim to half the value of our assets because they’re owned by the LLP. I don’t think he has an issue physically giving me some stuff, but he doesn’t think he owes me half the fair market value of the community property he’s keeping. Is that legit? Everything I’ve read about hiding assets from divorce in LLCs is referencing LLCs formed PRIOR to marriage, where the assets wouldn’t be community property. He says I’m entitled to half the equity of our LLP, which is all our assets minus all our liabilities, which conveniently equals zero according to his valuations. 


I’m well over my head here, and trying not to be the victim of his mental/emotional/financial abuse anymore. If anyone has read this far and has input, I am so grateful.


NEWPOST:
I have an order of joint custody (im non-custodial) and a standard visitation order following oklahoma law. My son who is 7 has started refusing to come over and giving every excuse imaginable from "i dont play with him" to "i ignore him" which isn't true but his mother refuses to listen. Whenever asked to be more encouraging instead of simply saying "you dont have to go if you dont want to" she just replies that shes not forcing her autistic son to do something he doesnt want to. This also isnt the first time this has happened. After looking at it further she hasnt followed a single one of the courts orders, she always makes plans on my weekends with him and in the 4 years since the court order hes stayed the night a total of 4 times. I had to have myself added to his medical records by contacting the hospital and giving them the court order, and had to do the same for his old school. I dont even know what school he is in now and i certainly havnt been added to his contact list. 

&#x200B;

So are there any options or steps i can take before finding a lawyer and making it a full blown court battle? Ive tried contacting DHS already but they told me they dont handle that kind of issue.


NEWPOST:
**EDIT: per the bots request, I am required to tell you that I live in Washington (WA)**

[Here's my original post](https://www.reddit.com/r/legaladvice/comments/b3rfty/wa_my_father_and_step_mother_died_leaving_me_19m/)

So after one of the most stressful months of my life, I can happily tell you all that I got custody of my step sister.

I did as many of you suggested and got a family lawyer who was one of the most kind and helpful people I've ever met in my life. I told her the circumstances of my step mom and dad's death through tears and sobbing, and then told me she'd do everything she possibly could to help me.

After my step sisters bio dad was informed that I would be trying to get full custody, he basically folded within hours. The lawyer told me that it wouldn't have mattered anyway though. She said that because he hadn't visited her for such an extended period of time that it was considered "abandonment" in the eyes of the law, and the likelihood of him specifically getting custody was unlikely because of this.

After her bio dad said he didn't want my step sister, I then spent weeks and weeks filing out the right papers and seeing the right people. I've never signed so many things in my entire life. Because my step sister had no biological family other than her shit-head dad, I was given custody on a silver platter, according to my lawyer.

Her bio dad didn't ask for visitation rights, and it appears he didn't even care in the first place, he just wanted my step sister for no reason other than to further upset me.

Yesterday, I signed the last piece of paper that confirmed that I had 100% custody of my step sister. After I signed, we both cried and cried for hours. We're both working on processing the death of her mom and my dad. As I write this, she's asleep next to me with her head on my shoulder.

The past two months have hands down been the worst of my entire life. I consider meeting my step sister the best that's ever happened to me, and adopting her is the single best decision I've ever made. These events have made me realise that family isn't just DNA based, it's actionable investments in the life of someone you love.

Thank you so, so, so much for all of the people who helped me in my first thread. I owe all of you for the rest of your lives. Once I turn 21, if any of ya'll are in the Aberdeen area, drinks are on me.

I hope you all lead wonderful lives. Give your loved ones a big hug for me.


NEWPOST:
Posting this here as well as r/vaxxhappened 

Title says it all. We’ve been married for 3 years now. She’s always been one for quirky, “against-the-grain” thinking and interests. However, it’s not just harmless things like believing there’s no gold in Ft.Knox, taking pictures of trash in “aesthetic poses”, or doodling interesting little paintings of naked women laying with trees, anymore... No, it was little things like that which made me fall in love with her. But now there’s this anti-vax bullshit. 

She got sucked into one of those anti-vax Facebook indoctrination camps by one of her brain dead friends who takes pride in the fact she’s worked at a fucking Wawa for 10 years. She messaged my wife shortly after she posted pics of our newborn on Facebook. 

I love my wife but she somehow manages to be the most stubborn individual on the planet while simultaneously being the most gullible and malleable. Shortly after birth (because this was pre-brainwashing) our child received her Vitamin K shot, and the Hep-B vaccine. However, now She’s refusing to give our child any of the other vaccines. 

I know that in her mind, she’s coming from a place of love for our child but as you can imagine, this has caused a considerable amount of strain and we’ve had a number of arguments already. All her arguments/counter-arguments follow the same general outline. 

“Oh well if you look this graph you’ll see that the numbers of cases for <X disease> have risen alongside the increased use of <Y vaccine>”

“I’m the mother here, this is a mothers instinct, I know I’m right, a mother knows best, etc etc etc...” 

I’ve tried explaining to her the basic idea of “correlation doesn’t equal causation.” By showing her that as ice cream sales increase, so too do the murder rates. She followed that one up with “We aren’t talking about ice cream and murder, we’re talking about vaccines and debilitating diseases! They’re completely different!”

I’ve tried showing her the statistics detailing the infant mortality rates in lesser developed countries where vaccination isn’t as pertinent and that vaccines are effective. She follows that up with “Those statistics are created by think tanks funded by the government and “big-pharma”

She won’t budge and hasn’t budged for weeks now. Our arguments are devolving into the same tired routine over and over again and I’m worried that the only thing which will wake her up is our child being afflicted by some horrible disease like measles which could’ve been easily avoided. 

I am in Florida. Is there anyway I can sneakily just bring my child to the doctor and have her vaccinated without my wife’s knowledge? What are my options here? Legally speaking, what kind of leeway do I have? I don’t want this to lead to divorce but I just feel quite lost at the moment. 

Edit: Thank you to everyone for your advice! I come to the decision that I will try and sit my wife down one last time, as I am skeptical to go behind her back because she may take it as an unforgivable breach of trust, and that is not the outcome I desire. If that fails, I have decided to get my child vaccinated without her knowledge and letting her believe otherwise, because I know that is the best thing for my marriage and my child. WILL KEEP YOU UPDATED


NEWPOST:
Original post: https://www.reddit.com/r/legaladvice/comments/4xrn91/ohio_someone_is_threatening_to_release_nude/

So as the title states, last year I was dealing with blackmail from someone who got a hold of nudes from when I was 14/15. I thought I would update now that it's come to a resolution.

I went to see a lawyer the day after I made that post. He drafted a letter formally telling the guy to fuck off, and was very kind in assuring me that I had nothing to worry about. It was radio silence from the guy, for about six months. Then I got an email from another address with the same demand, saying that the money needed to be sent in 24 hours or the pictures would go live. 

I panicked and called my lawyer, asking him to meet me at the police station. He was really understanding (literally left his daughter's birthday party to come help me) and when we got there, we met with a detective, who was also really nice and heard me out. 

Long story short, we found out that the guy blackmailing me was actually (drumroll please) my ex-boyfriend masquerading as someone else. He was arrested, and it was also discovered that he had broken into my apartment on a few occasions (he had things in his possession that he could only have gotten by getting into my residence). I wasn't the only one who was being stalked, and they also discovered other illegal activity that I wasn't really allowed to know about.

Anyway, my ex was just sentenced a few days ago and he won't be getting out anytime soon, plus I'm getting married in a few months and I'll be moving to another state far away from my ex. So I thought I'd update here with the good news! I was afraid that I'd be arrested and lose everything, but thanks to you guys I got up the courage to deal with the situation. I really appreciate the advice I got here! Thank you again so much. 


NEWPOST:
Me and my ex split up before our daughters birth. There were a variety of reasons for this that I wont get into here. One of them though was her anti-science beliefs. She's an anti-vaxxer and and doesn't trust science or medicine at all. Well, this sucks because our daughter was born premature and  immunocompromised. 

&#x200B;

We have have 50/50 custody of her but due to her condition and my wife's anti science beliefs we argue constantly on how to handle her. Well, recently our daughter has made incredible progress and last year was given the go ahead to get vaccinated for certain virus's including chicken pox and the flu. My ex went crazy about this and started making my life a living hell. And threatened up and down to take me to court.

&#x200B;

Around this time I also got a new job that payed a considerable amount more than my old. When this happened I decided I wanted to move my girl into a private school that has a program for immune compromised children and offered to pay 100% of tuition. The only problem (for her at least) is that this school requires students to be fully vaccinated, up to their medically allowed limit in my daughters case. My ex fought me up and down on this and we ended up in court. The judge agreed with me and ordered my daughter to be vaccinated. 

&#x200B;

Ex had a full breakdown but in the end agreed only on the condition she get to take her to "lessen the emotional damage and make sure the doctor doesn't poison her." I demanded the medical forms confirming this and she agreed. So, my daughter finally got vaccinated and last fall started at her awesome new school. Well, last week my daughter got incredibly sick and had to be rushed to the hospital from school. She somehow had contracted varicella (chicken pox) despite being vaccinated for it. I have been stressed out from the minute I got the call and confused as all hell how she got it. My daughter must have picked up on this and thought I was mad at her because when I was visiting her in the hospital she decided to tell me the "secret mommy promised to make her keep".

&#x200B;

Turns out my ex didn't vaccinate her. She made my daughter lie about it. Instead she has been using "Special oils and salts to keep her from getting sick." What about the forms I got saying she was vaccinate? There fake. I called the doctor and it turns out she never went in and he never signed any forms confirming she was vaccinated. So my ex lied and faked forms to convince me she was vaccinated.

&#x200B;

I'm pissed to say the least. My daughter is in the hospital because my ex decided to let her beliefs come before our child health. My ex doesn't know I know yet and I told my daughter not to tell her, I want her gone now. How do I approach this to make sue my ex suffers for this. I have the forms she handed me and texts from the day she took her. I also have the doctor on record saying he never signed off on these and that the ones I have a forged. I'm planning on speaking to a lawyer but I would like to know going in what to do. Thank you.


NEWPOST:
So I really don't know how to start this so i'll get right too it.

&#x200B;

My mom and step dad are really into "new age" science and beliefs. I've never agreed with them on this and didn't know how extreme it was. Recently though they have become involved in a extremely weird "support group". I say that in quotes because I have no fucking clue who they are. When I'm around they never mention any group names or what "organization" they work for or are apart of. Because of this I have not had much luck finding out stuff as "new age cult" gives to many results to look into.

&#x200B;

This Monday my mom and stepdad sat me and my 4 siblings down. They told us that we will be moving at the end of the month to a more "stable" location within a spiritual community. According to them they plan to pull all 5 of us (im 16, couldn't think of anywhere else to mention this.) out of school here and enroll us in their "mind awakening" school where ever we move. I tried to get anything out of them but they refused to talk to me at all about it. According to them because i'm still a child in "mind, body, and spirit" i need to listen to them not ask questions. I've actually been freaking out since then and have been trying to get advice but I've been unable too. They cut of the internet, phone and TV Tuesday and they have been keeping a fucking lazer focus on me and my siblings since then. I'm currently at a friends house and this is the only way I've actually got access to the internet. this seems like a cult 100% to me. Last night they had 3 people come and talk to me and my siblings and the stuff they told us was fucking crazy. I was talked to alone by an old man who told me about how my mind is "closed" and that I will slowly learn to open it as my parents have and that the "leaders" will love to meet me and put me in their programs.

&#x200B;

I need to know what the fuck I can do here. My dad has shared custody of me and since Monday i've had no contact with him. He is supposed to have a call with me every night but my mom claims he's been "informed" and supports this 100%. I tried calling him this morning but he didn't answer. He lives in another state so it's kinda hard to get into contact with him outside of phone and email. I'm at a friends house because I was able to leave the house for the first time in a week this morning after I told my parents I wanted to go to the park but came here and told my friend everything. Her parents are not home but she's trying to call them and I plan to stay here tonight if I can. My parents have forbid me from using the internet because it's "full of lies from them".

&#x200B;

I'm so lost right now it makes me sick. I do not want to go with them to this obvious compound and I need to know what the fuck I can do here. Can I just run away and if my parents harbor me can they get in trouble. If my mom has been lying about my dad can he do anything? thanks.

&#x200B;

Edit:

I talked to my mom and told her because I would be moving soon and this might be one of the last times I could see my friend I would like to stay the night and she said it was ok and that this family was "trustworthy not to try and corrupt my view". I got into contact with my dad and he's pissed. He did not agree and was told I didn't want to talk to him. My 15 year old sister's dad was told the same despite the fact he has primary custody and she only spends the summers with us. My sisters dad is going to call cps too and I just got done with my call to them but I wont repeat what they said here. I will be spending the night here and when my mom asks me to come back tomorrow my dad has told me not to go back and tell her that he will be flying down here to Florida immediately if I don't check in with him or he hears I went back to her. He says that he is already looking into emergency custody (I want to thank my friends parents real quick because holy fuck have they been great. They both have been great and are working with my dad right now to help me). I also will be going and buying a burner phone tomorrow and withdrawing all my money from the bank. My dad says he will handle getting my stuff from my mom when the time comes. Thanks guys for the advice.


NEWPOST:
[original post](https://www.reddit.com/r/legaladvice/comments/585svt/exwife_is_suing_me_for_child_support_i_dont_even/?utm_content=title&utm_medium=front&utm_source=reddit&utm_name=legaladvice)

I have both good news and bad news.

The good news is that I won the battle with my ex. I put all my money together and got a lawyer and we fought back against her child support claim against me. I had documents about me showing I don't even have the body parts to even be able to father a child (I don't have penis or testicles) and that the date of the documents were long before I married her. However paternity tests were ordered anyway which came back negative. That ended the case. It took a while and it caused me a lot of stress but I won. I don't know what my ex was thinking going after me like that. Maybe she thought that I won't fight back since my health was very poor at the time.

The bad news is that, I'm dying. As I mentioned in the comments of my original post, I was battling cancer at the time that I made the post. It was the fourth time in my life that I was dealing with cancer and even though I had some success in fighting it last year, it's now back and I have very little chance of beating it again. I will make it to 2018 but that year seems to be the end of my journey. I'm happy with the life I've lived and will continue to live a happy and free life until I finally rest for good. 

Thank you all for helping me and giving me hope to fight back. It helped me stay focused and having something to fight for definitely helped me stay more hopeful. You could see from my comments on the original post that I was almost ready to give up. 


NEWPOST:
My daughter was playing with a wild raccoon last night and got bit. I killed a raccoon in the area foaming at the mouth. Not sure if its the same one but refuse to take the chance. 

My wife vehemently refused the rabies series because its a vaccine. I am in panic mode and I am taking her to a hospital over 50 miles away near Dallas. 

Can I kidnap my own daughter? There is not a custody agreement in place because we are married and not separated. Probably will be soon though. 

I need to know what to watch out for here and what to say to police if I get stopped. Rabies is fatal so I am not playing with this one. 

I am leaving here in 10 minutes so just need to know a few things. 

Is it kidnapping in this case?

Will I be arrested? 

What do I do if she calls in an amber alert?

I am desperate.


NEWPOST:
[This is my first post.](https://www.reddit.com/r/legaladvice/comments/5gexji/girlfriend_now_ex_is_pregnant_and_wants_to_give/?utm_content=title&utm_medium=front&utm_source=reddit&utm_name=legaladvice) 

Short version: I'm sitting here and my baby daughter is right here next to me, taking a nap!

Long version:

If you remember, I asked about how I should go about stopping my then-pregnant ex from leaving the baby for adoption. I listened to the suggestions. Got a lawyer. Put myself on the registry as well.

She really wanted to fight me over this right until the last month of the pregnancy. I was fully ready to fight her legally to get my rights as the father. But in the final month she changed her mind and decided that give me full custody instead of giving up the child for adoption. So we had no messy legal right over it.

The childbirth and custody situation went very smoothly. My lawyer took care of it quickly and my ex made it easy as well. Her family didn't like this, but they couldn't do anything about it in the end.

So I have my baby daughter!

Taking care of my baby is difficult but certainly worth it. I feel like I have something to live for! My family has been super helpful and with their help we can make sure my daughter is happy. I also got a promotion at work. I realized that I need to be more ambitious because I now have a baby to provide for. A higher position was open at my work and I asked for the promotion but they told me I'm too young. I offered to do the job for as a trial 1 month without any extra pay only to prove that I can do it. After a month they gave me the job! 

As most of you suggested (and my lawyer did too), I had my lawyer file for child support after I had full custody. My ex didn't like it and wasn't expecting it. She actually called me names and various insults and all of that. But I didn't say anything, just that communications should go through my lawyer. She said she regrets making it easy for me to get the baby. I don't know. I didn't need the child support payments for daily care of my daughter but I think she deserves to have something saved up for the future and for her college. I didn't have the chance to go to college (not smart enough, I'm not good at studying) but I want to make sure my daughter has the chance! My sister in law is helping me setup a 529 plan with vanguard and I think I'll send most of the child support payments there once I start receiving them.

Thank you all. 


NEWPOST:
Tonight when my husband got home from work he informed me he wants a divorce and will be leaving until it's done. This is not a huge surprise honestly, ever since our daughter was born we've just not been getting along. What is a surprise is it's suddenness.

I've been a stay at home mom since our daughter was born two years ago, it just didn't make sense to work and spend 90% of what I made on day-care.

So in talking to him before he was finished packing he told me "Good luck with the mortgage and bills, I've taken MY money out of our bank account and turned off your card on MY credit". I would say I was shocked, but I really am not. He's very mean when he's angry and never has seemed to connect with his daughter, he wanted a boy and from the day we got the word we were having a daughter he's been distant. 

I obviously need an attorney, I logged into our bank account sure enough it's at $5. What resources can I begin looking into to get an attorney for free to help at least make him pay the bills and food until I can find childcare and a job? Is there anything I can do myself with the courts that is semi quick to at least have him pay for the necessities since he cleaned out our joint account or at least money for an attorney? I understand it's all "his" money but we are married with a child. I don't see how he can just leave us with nothing all of the sudden.

I'm in Wisconsin, I've tried to Google up the best could since the little one went to sleep but I can't find what I'm looking for or even really know what I'm looking for. Thanks for anyone who helps


NEWPOST:
I will probably consult with a lawyer in the near future. I understand that the title is vague but I was trying to keep triggering topics out of the title. I'm using mobile so there may be some formatting issues. 

I have a daughter (13) with an ex who was not in her life. We were young, in our early 20s, when she was born. My ex wasn't ready to give up her life and be a mom yet so I assumed full custody. She had another child when our daughter was 9 and never spoke to our daughter again or really acknowledged her. I remarried as well and my wife has been an amazing stepmom to my daughter. 

My daughter was diagnosed with cancer in 2016. I made sure to let my ex know of course and sent periodic updates. She didn't visit or call and basically things went on as normal. 

In December 2019 it became apparent that her fight was drawing to a close and there was nothing anyone could do. I sent the following email (copy pasted text because I'm technologically illiterate, with private info removed): 

"Jess, 
I want to let you know that we got the results of E's scan today. The cancer has spread significantly with several new growths and no change to the old sites. 

At this time doctors are advising that treatment is unlikely to be successful and we would be better off providing her with comfort care instead. She will be a lot more comfortable and be allowed to go home which she really wants. 

L, the doctors, and I have all talked to her as well as child life. She has agreed that it's time to come home. She is being discharged tomorrow to hospice at home. 

As always, she would love to see/hear from you."


she replied to that email a short time later with "thank you for the update". She didn't call or reach out to our daughter at all. 

After coming home from the hospital, my daughter asked me to mail a letter and to send an email she'd written to her mother. I don't know what the letter or email said but I know that neither one was replied to. 

In January, our daughter passed away. I sent the following emails:

"Jess, 
I wish I didn't have to write this email. Our sweet E passed away in her sleep. It was very peaceful. I will send another email with funeral details. 

Don't hesitate to reach out if you need anything." 

and then the one about the funeral. I had to redact most of that one because it was full of personal information but this is the important part:

"Jess, 
In addition, we have decided on cremation. Please let me know if you would like any of her ashes. I can even get them made into jewelry or put in an urn for you and have it shipped if that's easier for you."

She replied to that one thanking me and telling me she would rather not have the ashes and that I could do what I liked with them. 

We did. We gave some to my mother, had some turned into jewelry for my wife and three younger girls, I kept some and we buried some in a few of her favorite places. At this point the only ashes that physically exist are mine, my mother's, and my wife/daughters'. 

Fast forward to the end of February and I get an email from her stating that she'd had a change of heart and asking if she could have some of our daughter's ashes. 

I told her that unfortunately we didn't have any "left", but that my wife offered to send her the necklace she had made. She declined and did seem a little offended that we'd offered but it was all we had to give. 

A few days ago I received notice that she was suing me for emotional damages for "failing to offer her our shared child's cremains" and "offering a used necklace" and some other nonsense. 

I'm going to be honest: I feel like the only person who is being emotionally damaged here is me. I'm dealing with a huge devastating loss of my first child, my best buddy, my constant companion while also dealing with the stress of the pandemic/lockdown, two young kids who don't understand, AND a brand new baby (born end of March). I feel like I've been nothing but nice and communicative to her and this is what I get for it? 

I'm angry, I'm tired, and I'm frustrated. Realistically, I don't even have the emotional energy to fight it and I'm seriously considering throwing some money at it and hoping it goes away. Is that the best solution?


NEWPOST:
Me and my girlfriend rushed into moving in together, after 2 weeks of living together we realized it wasn't going to work. She agreed to move out by end of February. Then COVID happened, and now she refuses to leave.

I have 1 bedroom in my apartment, and i am tired of sleeping on my couch. Lately she has started denying me entry into my own unit. She uses the deadbolt on the inside and pretends to not hear me. Last night when i came home around 11 pm, i discovered i couldn't get into my apartment as she had dead bolted it.

After pounding/calling after an hour She started screaming at me to go away. I ended up calling the police who after talking to her briefly he told me to go find somewhere else to stay for the night and said i needed to leave. I slept all of last night in my car.

This morning, after she left for work i removed the deadbolt from my door. I also discovered a complete and utter stranger sleeping in my living room, along with another girl passed out in my bed.

After i kicked them out, my ex came home and told me i have no rights to kick out her guests. She called the police and the officer said it was a civil issue (by this time her guests had already left).

Tonight i have a late shift again, and i guarantee you the same thing is going to happen. What am i supposed to do? What kind of lawyer do i need?

Can someone please help me? I live in Toronto, Ontario.

\*EDIT\* Condo is owned 100% by me, she has never paid anything here.

\*EDIT 2\* To clarify my location is Toronto, Ontario, Canada.

\*EDIT 3\* Contacted LTB who told me she is not considered a tenant, and thus they are unable to assist me with this issue.


NEWPOST:
I get my daughter every other weekend. She’s 9 years old and her mother bought her a cell phone, obviously to keep tabs on my daughter. 

This weekend, we were watching a movie when I got a text from my ex wife asking to speak to my daughter. 

Now, I don’t attach myself to my phone (unless I’m working) and I got the text about 30 minutes after it came through. 

When I saw it, I told my daughter that her mom wants to speak to her and I also texted my ex, saying that we were watching a movie but that I told our daughter that she wants to talk. 

The movie ended around 9:10 pm and I had my daughter go shower/brush teeth/ go to bed. I told her I’d be up to tuck her in. 

I went into my daughters room at about 9:40 and she was on the phone with her mother. 

He mother was SCREAMING into the phone “YOU TELL HIM FUCK YOU! YOU CAN SAY THAT! I SAY ITS OK FOR YOU TO TELL YOUR FATHER FUCK YOU!!”

I took the phone from my daughter and I said to my ex wife that she was acting very inappropriately and that if she has a problem with me she should bring it up with me, not our daughter. 

She yelled at me about not allowing our daughter to use her phone, which isn’t true at all. 

I asked her to calm down and to keep in mind the effect her words are having on our daughter. My ex was furious and was breathing heavily, obviously biting her tongue.  

I handed the phone back to my daughter, and said loudly enough for my ex wife to hear “daddy is going to leave the room now, please don’t stay on the phone long, it’s way past your bedtime.” (Bed time is usually 9:00 but the movie ran over a tiny bit and it was Saturday night so I bent the bedtime a bit). 

I had to get my stepson to bed (he’s a little bit older, so he can stay up a little longer). 

I walked by my daughters room maybe 10/15 minutes later and she’s repeating “I’m sorry” into the phone. I fought my instinct to take that phone away because of the torment my daughter was experiencing. 

I walked downstairs to do some chores and distract myself from my anger. 

It wasn’t until 10:50 that my daughter came downstairs. She had obviously been crying and was exhausted. 

I sat with her in her room, prayed with her, and tried to talk to her about what happened. She was really upset and wouldn’t speak much. I hugged her. My daughter told me there was 11 missed calls from her mother and that her mother said she was just worried about her. 

I’m sick of my limited time with my daughter being questioned. Divorce is hard enough on children, and I think my exwife is making it a lot harder on my daughter than it needs to be. 

What can I do?


NEWPOST:
[Link to first post](https://www.reddit.com/r/legaladvice/comments/c34jp2/coworker_is_bragging_about_filing_a_false_bite/?utm_source=share&utm_medium=ios_app)

Glad to say I’ve got a happy update!

The coworker was indeed terminated the day her probationary period ended (7/1). I wasn’t working that day but apparently she just stormed out wordlessly when told. 

The ex has filed for a temporary restraining order and is working on a permanent one. He’s also installed home security cameras and carries a copy of the police report and a one page vet record showing the dog is spayed and vaccinated. The dog has also been to obedience school and they wrote a letter saying she hasn’t shown any human or dog aggression. 

Police and animal control are very good around here. They assured us both that euthanasia is an absolute last resort in any case  and that they’d require extra proof from this coworker should she report anything. Additionally, with the restraining order, the coworker can’t be “bitten” by the dog without violating it. And the department says they don’t allow totally anonymous reporting-you can keep your name secret from the dog’s owner but not the police/animal control. 

So the dog is safe, coworker let go, and ex is forewarned and forearmed. I’d call it a win!

Thank you all for your advice and support!


NEWPOST:
https://www.reddit.com/r/legaladvice/comments/5cku3a/tx_wife_has_custody_and_wants_me_to_allow_her_new/

Thanks for the help!

She ended up taking me to court. Her lawyer focused a lot on my criminal record (which had happened before I even met her, and she married me knowing it). Her lawyer claimed otherwise, that I had hidden my record from her and she only learned about it after our marriage. This was very easy for me and my lawyer to disprove as I had email communications with her acknowledging my record. She insisted the emails not being in her inbox is proof that the emails are made up. Perhaps she seriously thought deleting the emails from her account would delete them from mine too. Her own lawyer looked really upset after this. 

She dropped the case immediately after that hearing.

Her own husband apologized to me, said he wouldn't have agreed come forward for adoption if he knew the truth. He was a decent guy. Ex lied to him about me to get him to adopt my son. It's been a couple of months since then and according to my son they're now separated.

I'm talking to my lawyer to change the custody agreement too.  


NEWPOST:
Hi everyone.. using a throwaway account because I know some of my friends follow here and know my username. 

So basically, like the title says: my husband has been cheating on me for our whole relationship of 10+years and served me with divorce papers..during quarantine. He wants me out of the apartment by next Friday but I am too embarrassed to tell my family. In my culture, no one gets a divorce and I don’t know where to start. 

I know I need to get a lawyer but I’m completely confused and blindsided right now and would like advice before contacting a lawyer so I don’t look as clueless as I am. He’s being completely irrational and doesn’t want me to have anything. Not the furniture in the house, the food in the fridge, or our dog. I’m hoping someone can help me out with the most important things below: 

First, We don’t have a prenup. I met him when i was 19 and he had opened up his first restaurant in the city, I really thought we’d grow old together. I know, stupid of me not to cover my ass but i was with him for so long that i got really comfortable and couldn’t imagine him doing this. We bought a condo in New York and most of it was paid for by me and my family but it is in his name. I’m scared of losing the house since my parents and I put so much into it. But, I also can’t afford to keep the house on my own for more than a few months unless I ask my parents for help which I’m also embarrassed to ask for. Can his infidelity help me out here? 

Second, he bought me a car for my birthday just last year and is telling me i have to leave the car with him- so i have no way of moving any of my stuff out and would put myself at great risk of getting covid-19. Is he allowed to do this?

Third, I am a co-signer on two of the small loans that he has on his restaurants. I’m also invested in them and they’re a great second source of income, even in these times. How will the judge (or whoever ultimately makes the decision) determine whether or not I can maybe keep one of the restaurants or still collect revenue from them? Again, no prenup and my husband was unfaithful. 

I’d love to hear your advice. Any bit helps right now.


NEWPOST:
[previous ](https://www.reddit.com/r/legaladvice/comments/tp9en2/husband_is_physically_abusive_he_is_a_cop_i_cant/?utm_medium=android_app&utm_source=share)

Hello all,

First of all... I am alive!

Second of all... thank you all so much. 

In my first post I was really really scared because I thought my husband might kill me.

I'm glad to say I made it out.

After the threat I got new motivation and energy to go out. I made a little emergency bag and hid it in the laundry room under the dirty pile.

I started keeping petty cash from my shopping trips.

With the petty cash I bought a very cheap pre paid phone that I used to call a woman's shelter.
They helped me make a plan and got me out of there. 

That was by far the scariest night of my life. I left when I knew my husband had night shift. I was so scared that he somehow found out what I was planning and was hiding out to catch me.

I had been very careful too. I was sweet to him. Acted as if he had broken me successfully. Acted on his every wish. It was very painful.

But that night at 3 am I finally escaped with my little bag. I left behind my phone. That same day I had sold my laptop. I told my husband that I wanted to put some cash forward to his gaming PC so he wouldn't mind. 

I got an old tablet with Sim function for very cheap too. So that I had the rest of the 500 bucks of my laptop sale for me.

I left the car behind and everything left the house and just ran till I arrived at a McDonald's and from there ordered an Uber to the pick up place. 

As soon as I arrived they helped me close everything that could be closed (email, cashapp, my bank account etc etc). And they helped me get an amazing lawyer.

So right now I am in the shelter alive and well. I finally managed to get a TRO till the divorce hearing. My lawyer is realistic with the case.

But everything that matters is that I am no longer scared of going to sleep at night and never waking up.


Thank you so much!


NEWPOST:
I am a mid 20s female. I bought a house with my ex-boyfriend out in the sticks of Kentucky about a year ago. Not terribly long ago, he cheated on me and abandoned our home to be with his new girlfriend. So, I own this property and live here by myself. One of the people that lives at the house (multi-generation home) across the pond is a 21 year old male. He has been watching my house and saw that my ex isn’t here much anymore. So he comes down about 4 days ago and we’re having a regular old friendly neighbor conversation about the Guinea Keets I was getting for him. Then he gets creepy.


I made the mistake of telling him my ex and I broke up, and he instantly started asking very personal questions. He asked to take me to the movies, if he could come over and watch a movie, to go fishing, to go shooting, to hang out. I said “no” to all of these, explaining first, that I am not interested in dating or hanging out, that he’s my damn neighbor and that’s weird and that I’m “seeing people”. 


He continues to insist. I tell him flat out “no” and that I can be his neighbor and that’s it; make an excuse to go inside. I go to a friend’s house for a few days and notice he drives past my house 10+ times in a 2 hour span on my security camera, every night.


I keep my doors closed and locked. Yesterday he decides that no mean yes and comes to my door asking to come inside, that he just wants to talk about the guineas and that he has a Rambo dvd for us to watch. I only have the door cracked a bit and tell him 5+ times that I am in the middle of something, that I’m busy and that he needs to leave. I’m pissed, so the final time he tries to insist, I slam the door on him and lock it. 


Any legal advice for this? What would you do? So far, I know I am going to be video recording any interactions he attempts with me from now on and keeping my gun loaded/close by, but I know trespassing is a sticky law, even in KY. I don’t have no trespassing signs up at the moment. I am also putting my house on the market this Saturday because I’m just done and want a fresh start considering everything that’s going on in my life rn, but I will be at the house a lot while it’s on the market.


NEWPOST:
Hi, so my life is falling apart.

As the title says, a few weeks ago my father and my step mother were killed in a car accident. They have been married for 7 years, and my step mother had a daughter from a previous marriage who is 8 years old. I love her unconditionally as if she were my own sister and I would fight tooth and nail to keep her safe.

She has no immediate family other than her father in the area, so he is going to receive full custody of her. I don't know if subjective opinions are allowed in posts like this, but this guy is a fucking asshole. The reason my step mother left him is because he was abusive (which was never reported to the police, but I know several people who have witnessed it first hand, so it absolutely 100% happened), and the reason he was abusive was because my step sister was born and he didn't want a child. As a result, he has never given a shit about her, never asked to see her, and has never wanted anything to do with her until now.

I was at home with my step sister a few days ago and he knocked on the door. I opened it and we had a really ugly conversation about what was going to happen to my step sister now that her mother and my father were dead. I told him that if he did end up having custody I would want to be seeing her as often as possible as I consider her my family. He told me, verbatim "that's not gonna happen, son. I don't want my daughter spending time with half caste blood." (he's referring to the fact that my father is mixed race, and that I am too as a result. I slammed the door. I was absolutely livid, which brings me to this post.

So basically, I have a few questions:First, Can anything be done to stop him having custody? There are no police reports about his abuse, and his criminal record is clean by all the research I have completed.

Third, at the very least, could I contend in a court that I have visiting rights to her? I'm not actually related to her, so I'm not sure what the standing is there.

Third, if it's not possible to force allowed visits, is there anyway I can straight up adopt my step sister? I have an office job that pays well, so financial security wouldn't be a problem, I have an apartment of my own, and I would be 100% willing to be her full time guardian.

**EDIT: I want to make it absolutely clear that my sister does not want to live with her dad, and she says she wants to live with me.**

Thank you so so so much to anyone who responds to this. I'm at my wits end and I will do literally anything to keep my step sister close to me, and I don't care about the cost.


NEWPOST:
**EDIT:** Forgot to add this...My first post was here:
https://www.reddit.com/r/legaladvice/comments/4a97dq/my_ex_husband_and_his_new_wife_made_my_daughter_a/

Firstly I would like to thank everyone for all the support in my first post and all the supportive PM's I received. It was really overwhelming (in a good way). A few people asked for an update so here it is.

So a lot has happened since I first posted. I called in to work while I was trying to get all this sorted. One of my co-workers has a cousin who is a lawyer and she knew someone who was able to help me and file the paperwork. My husband played dumb in court but his visits got reduced to supervised and he was ordered to take a parenting class. My daughter went to physiotherapy. Eventually the court reinstated his visitation when he swore he had learned his lesson and was sorry and with his otherwise clean record the court agreed. I was against it but the court ruled against me.

I gave my daughter her own cell phone so she could call me whenever she needed to. On her second visit it happened again. This time the brace had steel and fabric instead of wood and they took her phone too. The next night she left when they weren't looking and went up the street to a neighbor who is a police officer. The neighbor called paramedics and her co-workers. They had to cut the brace off my daughter. My husband and his wife were arrested. They got out quickly but they have been charged and their infant is with CPS. My ex lost visitation and custody and I'm working on making it permanent. Unfortunately my daughter's shoulder was dislocated from the brace. It set back her rehab and part of her arm is still numb and tingling. She needed surgery and is still recovering. She always played sports (especially at school) and did dance but the doctor thinks she won't ever be able to lift her arm all the way up again. I hate my ex and he'll see her again over my fucking dead body. Right now I'm focusing on my daughter while my lawyer takes care of things. That's my update.


NEWPOST:
My now husband and I legally gave our first child up for adoption 10 years ago to some relatives. We now are married and have a child together. Our biological child has severe autism. He is nonverbal and cannot be toilet trained, among other things. 

The adoptive parents obviously know who we are because we are distant relatives. This was supposed to be a semi-open adoption, but we have only seen this child twice at family functions since his birth. Since December, they've started sending out messages and phone calls that make it clear that they believe this is somehow different than a normal adoption. They now want us to assume custody and care of our first child. The only written proof we have is a few texts saying that we need to "take responsibility" and that I "need to contribute more than I might have thought" because the child isn't normal. They've insinuated on calls that he may need to come live with us soon enough.

We can't afford the care this child needs, and he was legally adopted by these people at birth. What is our obligation here? We've stopped responding at all out of fear of creating an agreement or expectation, and we don't have money to just donate anyway.


NEWPOST:
Update from: https://www.reddit.com/r/legaladvice/comments/9xicm3/husband_surprised_me_with_a_divorce_cleaned_out/?utm_source=reddit-android

I wasn't able to get much done over the weekend except sell the wedding ring for some food/diaper money. Today however was really busy, I spoke to a few people I was able to get in contact with through legal aid! 

I'm told by the end of the week I should be with an attorney who can begin helping me file everything I need to begin doing and hopefully begin tracking down where he's put all the money and get some back so I can continue to survive until I can be approved for childcare through state benefits and begin working again. 

I'm really surprised about how often this happens, there are entire places dedicated to helping men and women who have their wives/husband's do this to them. 

I am filing for divorce, before he can hopefully and for the return of the money into our account and an order to continue assisting with bills, child support and other necessities such as diapers, mortgage etc.

I probably will not have another update to this for a good long time but so many people wanted to make sure I was going to be OK and with everyone's advice to contact legal aid etc it looks like it hopefully might get better soon! I also contacted the bank and other bills that are coming up that I won't make and explained the situation. They are somewhat understanding and hopefully I'll be back at work soon to keep current. 

Thanks for everyone's help and advice! 


NEWPOST:
My ex and I share custody of our daughter (age 6). When I picked her up today, she brought her phone that usually stays at her dad's house. She was showing me pictures she took, and as I was scrolling I found dozens of nude pictures and videos of men mastubating in her cloud. These pictures have been uploaded for the last 6 months at least, and she has had access to them. 

If what I think is the case is true, then it seems like her grandfather has a dirty little secret, and because her phone is logged into the same account as his is their pictures sync to the same cloud. If this is true he probably has no clue that he has basically been giving her access to this stuff. However, like I said she has had access to these things for the last 6 months at least which is unacceptable and extremely worrisome.

What should I do? Is there any legal action I should take? She was extremely upset when I found them and tried to hide them. She also lied about not recognizing one of the men in the pictures. It is actually someone she knows very well. I am planning on trying to find a therapist maybe to talk to her about what all she may have seen, but I'm really at a loss right now. It's 2 am, and I don't know what to do. Also in Louisiana if that makes a difference.

EDIT: For those that are lucky enough to not have to coparent with a difficult ex or have not been through a divorce--here is some insight as to how custody orders work. As we have joint custody, we both have to agree on decisions regarding medical issues and education. Outside of those things, we each get to set the pace when our child is in our care. Ideally we would mostly be on the same page, but my ex is much more lax than I am about basically everything. Not only do I not want to change our moderately structured routine to match his lack of one, I have two additional kids in my home that thrive on it and changing it every other week to match his level of parenting would be terrible for them.

We had a conversation about the phone when they gave it to her two years ago (YES SHE HAD JUST TURNED 5), and I objected. If I had any actual legal grounds to prevent them from giving it to her, we wouldn't be in this situation.


NEWPOST:
I inherited my mom’s house when she died. A couple years ago, my then boyfriend moved in with me. But he turned abusive and after a particularly bad night about a year and a half ago, I fled and moved to another city. I just heard from a mutual friend that my ex moved out of state several months ago. 


I went to my house over the weekend to check on it and make a plan to move back in but there’s another couple living there now. They said they bought the house and have all the paperwork to prove it. When I tried explaining that I actually owned the house they acted like I was crazy and threatened to call the police unless I left immediately. 


I’m heartbroken because not only have I lost a place that is sentimental to me, but my abusive ex got all the money from the sale. Is there anything I can do? I’m in Maryland.


NEWPOST:
My best friend is a single mom. The other day she had a mental breakdown and became suicidal. She has made an attempt on her life in the past years and years ago and knew if she didn't get help immediately, she would kill herself, and so she went directly to the emergency room. She has been moved to a behavioral health unit while she recovers mentally and is ready to go home.

She has requested that I take care of her children while she is gone. We are very close and her children love me. She trusts me completely with them. We have plans to move in together in soon. I am not a parent, but I have the means to take care of them and they would be happy.

I received an unnanounced visit from some of her family members (grandmother and cousin). They wanted to watch the children for a little bit. I was fine with this as I wanted to visit my friend to see how she was doing and stock up on food and supplies for the children. My friend was very upset that I let her cousin watch her children and requested I pick them up as soon as possible. She has always had difficulty with trusting her family and didn't want her cousin parenting her children.

Her family doesn't want to return the children to me. They claim they are worried about child protective services stepping in. They believe/claim if the children are found in custody of a friend rather than family member that the children would be taken as custody of the state.

What can I do in this case? Her children are in no way neglected and would be completely safe and cared for by me. I have taken time off work and will be with them 24/7. She even wants the children to be with me and not them. Does her will not matter to CPS? Would they actually take the children if found in care from a non family member? Or would I be completely fine caring for her children?

**Edit: I have received a lot of great advice. Thank you! I will be going to get the children asap. Many of you suggested getting the delegation of parental authority completed. I can attempt to do so but she is only allowed an hour of visitation per day. She also has no idea what is currently happening with her children and with her mental state I am worried of giving her extra stress knowing that I am having difficulty getting them back. Should I continue to have difficulty, I will have to get her to help with getting the documents signed. I would like to keep this as peaceful with her family as possible, which it has been so far. I understand their concern about CPS and I'm hoping that the advice I receive will help convince them that they have no need to be worried and CPS won'tbe an issue. Should I show them my home and that I am 100% capable of caring for the children to alleviate their concerns?**

**Edit 2: I have the children back. I talked with their mother on the phone and she assured me CPS was a non-issue. She even insured that her family were not listed as caregivers, and another close friend of hers is. Her friend is with me in this and believes I am fully fit to have them. Still facing a lot of opposition towards me having them and I'm working through getting the proper paperwork signed.**

**Edit 3: Thread has been locked but I have received plenty of helpful advice. Thank you for all of your well wishes. I have pumped up an air mattress for them as all the beds in my home are really tall, and they love it. The 3 year old calls it her balloon bed. I also found pillows that look like eyeballs and they think it'sthe coolest thing their bed has eyes. I am so happy to have them and relieved that they will be safe with me as we wait for their mother to return home.**


NEWPOST:
Hi everyone,

I want to take a minute to say thank you to everyone who gave me advice and words of encouragement. I read every single comment on both threads about my situation and I really really appreciate the support and help. If not for the advice here, I probably would not have felt justified in leaving.

I'm sorry for taking so long to post, but I am now back home in NH with my parents. I feel like I'm coming out of a fog and I feel really stupid for believing everything; I guess I just justified it by assuming laws were different in the south. 

I left with just my computer, my phone, my documents, and a few family heirlooms. I'm not concerned about my phone being tracked as I am still on my dad's phone plan. My husband has sent me about 200 texts and has filled my voicemail completely but I haven't spoken to him.

I managed to withdraw half the balance of two out of three joint accounts. The third is a local bank and I did not want to stay in the area any longer. My parents told me to just leave the money. They are going to help me get the medical procedures I need and then they are going to help me pay for a divorce attorney. I thought they would say I told you so because they told me not to get married, but they have been very supportive and even offered to pay for me to go back to college and finish my degree. 

Thank you again for all your kind words!


NEWPOST:
My wife and I are getting divorced after 19 years of marriage. She moved out 2 weeks ago and is living with her parents. The kids are with me. One of my daughters was at grandma's house this week visiting her mom and grandma mentioned to her this is her second marriage. My daughter mentioned it to me when she got home. I phoned my wife and she told me her high school boyfriend (he was 18, she was 16) took off to Mexico and got legally married. When they broke up a year later, they just broke up, never divorced. 
I have called my attorney to get some answers on this, his legal aide said he is out until Tuesday. It is killing me. I basically have 2 questions. Was I even married? We wed in the U.S., not Mexico and divorcing in the U.S. And two, we have a beach house in Cabo San Lucas. Is that now owned by 3 people (her first husband) and will that affect the sale when we try to sell? 

Also, no, I did not file for divorce because of this. It was just growing apart. I actually think it is kind of funny as long as it doesn't mess things up.


NEWPOST:
[Wow, that last post got real popular it seems](https://www.reddit.com/r/legaladvice/comments/aqylaa/co_my_ex_lied_about_vaccinating_our_immune/), for better and for worse. Seeing as you guys got were interested in it I thought I would come back with an update. 

&#x200B;

Well, a lot has happened since that day. My daughter is safe with me and was let out of the hospital about a week ago. She is getting better every day. I know though, you guys want the full story so here it is

&#x200B;

After I made that post I took the advice given to me and the next time I saw my daughter I told her that it was wrong of me to ask her to keep secrets and that it's ok to tell her mom. Along with that I saw a lawyer recommended to me by a trusted party. When I went to see him he told me that this is "A case lawyers salivate over" and that my ex is in a lot of trouble. I immediately filed for emergency custody of my daughter. I also got into contact with the doctor again and explained the situation fully to him. He says that while he will not be getting lawyers involved that he wishes for me to submit the evidence to the police and file a report. Along with this, my lawyer has gotten into contact with the court that originally ordered us to vaccinate our daughter and has handed over everything I gave to him. He has advised me to stay quite on this matter so i'll leave it at my ex is in a lot of trouble with them. 

&#x200B;

During this time, my ex started to get suspicious. Maybe it was because a friend told her about a post on reddit and she freaked out? Who knows. A few days later when I saw her at the hospital we had an altercation. She became hysterical and yelled various threats and insults at me. Including telling me that I want to "poison our daughter" right in front of our sick child. She was escorted out of the building and the head nurse had banned her from coming back. After this she sent me a barrage of texts telling me that I am a monster and that if she had vaccinated her that she would be dead now. This was sent to my lawyer. As he puts it, "she's what lawyers dream of when they hear who's on the other side of the court."

&#x200B;

Outside of this, i've been advised to stay as quite as possible so i'll leave it with this. 

&#x200B;

This week I received emergency custody of my daughter until our custody hearing later this year. I have heard that the DA is slowly getting ready to move forward with a multitude of charges against my ex and that will land her in jail soonish.

&#x200B;

And that's really it for now. I'm going to follow the advice given by my lawyer and say nothing else to anyone. I do not want the media involved in this for a few reasons so i've left this as vague as possible. When this is all said and done, if the interest is still there I may come back again. But for now, thanks for the advice in the original thread, me and my daughter appreciate you all. 

&#x200B;

&#x200B;


NEWPOST:
Update of my previous post:

[https://www.reddit.com/r/legaladvice/comments/91hftj/i\_allowed\_my\_17\_year\_old\_sister\_to\_move\_in\_with/](https://www.reddit.com/r/legaladvice/comments/91hftj/i_allowed_my_17_year_old_sister_to_move_in_with/)

&#x200B;

TLDR: I didn't get in trouble for taking in my little sister and a court order for child support was issued.

&#x200B;

So, I had my day in court today for the child support hearing. Dad actually showed up for court instead of using the option of conference call like my mother did. My sister (let's call her Valerie) wanted to sit in the courtroom in case the judge had any questions for her in particular (he didn't, but I'm proud of how brave my sister is for going to court when she didn't have to) because I could feel my heart beating in my throat the entire time. 

The judge started out by saying he was unsure if a support order could be issued today given that Valerie is now 18 and in CT would be ineligible but in NY would be eligible until 21 but then began asking some some questions.

Dad did a lot of talking at first, mostly saying how he had a court order that gave him full custody of Valerie and that Mom was supposed to be paying him child support.  Then he said how Valerie dropped out of high school and left the state to live with me without telling him or getting his permission and how he didn't know for a month after the fact. he complained that Mom never speaks to him about anything, that I make no effort to have a relationship with him and that Valerie doesn't either. Boo-hoo, we're all ganging up on him and he doesn't know what he did to deserve it, etc.  Sure enough, as a few of you kind folks mentioned, the judge asked him "Why didn't you know where she was for a month if she was supposed to be in your custody?" 

He then says that she was staying with her mother at the time but that she would've had a place with him and still does have a place with him if she had asked. At that point, sick of hearing him play the victim, I piped up and asked as calmly as I could manage "Why didn't she have a place with you 9 years ago when you dropped her off at Mom's house, didn't tell her you weren't coming back for her and then got rid of all her belongings?" 

My mother on the phone confirmed what happened and said that she asked me if I could take in my sister because of my brother's violent behavior early in 2017. Valerie was 17 at the time she moved to NYS and is still attending high school to earn her diploma (better late than never) and I've been her sole source of support ever since. 

The judge then reviewed the guidelines for monetary support. My mother, being disabled and on social security, was to pay no more than $50 per month for support. Dad was to pay no more than 17% of his income, which translated to to roughly $800 per month. The judge asked me what amount I was looking for. My answer was that I just wanted some help with the groceries and her medical bills so I asked for a total of $250 from Dad and the max $50 from Mom. Dad tried to haggle me down to $200 per month because he just bought a house last year (you should've seen the look on the judge's face). The judge reminded him that the guidelines recommended $800 a month and I held firm on $250. Dad sighed and said he'll have to give up smoking to afford it (this is supposed to make me feel bad?). 

The judge made the order for support, effective until age 21 AND I never did get in trouble for allegedly "kidnapping" my little sister.

Thank you to everyone here that gave me encouragement to see this through and not fall for Dad's intimidation tactics.

&#x200B;

&#x200B;

&#x200B;


NEWPOST:
My Ex Wife and I had a rocky marriage, my alcoholism didn't help. She pushed for a divorce.  We lived together during this divorce and one day I found out she was dating another man. I snapped and hit her, pretty hard. I was charged with assault, spent 3 months in jail, went to anger management and I was also issued a 3 yr restraining order.

&#x200B;

This was 2 yrs ago. I have since sobered up, met a wonderful woman and moved to a completely different apartment complex in a completely different part of the city and never had any further contact with my Ex Wife. I admit what I did was wrong, I paid the price, I've seen re-established myself. My current woman who I've been in a relationship with for 2 yrs is aware of this back ground story (which makes things slightly easier)

&#x200B;

Well unknown to me my ex moved into my apartment complex about 5 months ago with her now new husband (who had always lived here, I did not know this) I saw her in the lobby just before new years. She greeted me, I turned shocked and said hello. She asked me what I was doing in the lobby I said I was just coming in from work she told me that the restraining order is still in effect and I need to move out.

&#x200B;

I tried to reason with her and told her I'd be happy to steer clear of her, I know we don't live on the same floor (I don't even know what floor she lives on, I don't care to know) I told her if I saw her on an elevator I wouldn't get in and just wait for the next one. She told me she was going enforce the restraining order against me.

&#x200B;

My partner and I literally just signed a brand new 2 yr lease 6 months ago. We love the place we live in, and wouldn't want to move. And it feels unjust having to move/incur financial hardship because the person I had a restraining order against moved into my apartment complex. 

&#x200B;

The reason why I'm bringing this up is cause last night building management was informed of the restraining order and told us we need to figure this out.

&#x200B;

Would she really be able to force me out of my home even though I lived here before her? As long as I do my best to avoid any contact with her (which I'm perfectly fine doing) shouldn't that be sufficient? I work a really early schedule and the fact is she was dating this guy and coming over to this apartment complex for the entire time I've been here, and we ran crossed paths, and she's been living here full time for 5 months and just recently crossed paths. Not sure what to do.

  
FYI this is New York City


NEWPOST:
Ex was a one night stand with no protection. She gets pregnant and we assume its mine. 

Things go to shit and we break up. Talk of custody and child support comes up and I tell her I was going to try for custody.

Three hours later I am picked up for questioning. I refuse to answer any questions, get a lawyer after release and find out I have a restraining order against me. 

The kid is born. DNA test is done and its not mine. 

Since all of this started I have been recording all phone calls on my cell phone because CYA has literally saved my job. 

I just got a phone call from an unknown number. It was my ex. She said since she was using a friends phone and wanted to apologise. I told her we should not be talking. She agreed and apologized for lying to the police about the rape. 

I immediately hung up the phone. I have her on recording admitting to false Rape reports to the police. 

Will I get in trouble for this? I made no effort to call her and she called me. The call lated 1:28 seconds and I hung up on her. 

Second question. What are the chances of using this recording to get restraining order dropped?

Third. What are the chances that Dallas police will arrest her for the false claim?


NEWPOST:
Thank you to everyone for the encouragement and advice in my thread last year: https://www.reddit.com/r/legaladvice/comments/4y3xgu/fired_after_baby_died_oregon_us/?st=j72hz3um&sh=1ab7ce5d

After completing depositions and discovery, we were able to settle. It was an extremely difficult process. A little advice: treat your work email like it is public record, because it is.  Even though it was hard, I am really happy I went through with it. I am happy with the settlement and happy I got to make their lives difficult for a year.  I am using part of my settlement to buy my daughter a small memorial in a public park. Also, one of my old boss's wife divorced him during all of this, and I heard from my old coworker that it was mostly because she could not believe he could be so heartless. 


NEWPOST:
A bit of a doozy...

I purchased a car Saturday in Massachusetts. I paid 10k in a bankers check and financed the remainder. Upon pickup on Tuesday,  I was told I was given a rebate (which was not in any of my paperwork) that I was not entitled to. The dealership told me I need to pay $500 or else I can't have the vehicle. At this point, I already had a contract, the keys to the vehicle, had the vehicle insured, signed over the title to my old vehicle...everything I needed aside from registration. As far as I was concerned it was my property at the time. After a verbal back and forth the salesman got tough and told me to back down or he would F me up etc etc. After threatening me, I told him he couldn't do that. He then rushed me and violently pushed me . At that point, for my own safety, I tackled him and we were separated by all the other employees. During the separation he hit me several more times because I was the only individual restrained by the other employees. The other employees collected my paperwork that was lost in the altercatiin and shredded it. The police were called and I filed a report. I have yet to request the police press charges. I declined to initially because after the altercation they had possession of my $10k, my new car and the title to my old car. I had no paperwork other thank the bankers check made to and cashed by the company, and an autopolocy with associated VIN.  Police told me they couldn't help with the civil side regarding the cars and money, only the assault. If I requested the charges be pressed I couldn't help but think i would have been out that money and both cars for a long time as the civil thing plays out.  I sustained a potentially broken nose and a medium cut to the knee... and what sucked the most for me...the brand new watch, which my wife gave me little more than 3 weeks ago as a gift on our wedding day...is destroyed. Had little luck finding a local attorney that would specialise in some of these types of civil claims


NEWPOST:
I need additional help. Based on the advice from my last thread I took my laptop to the geek squad to recover the files. They said I’d have it back by the end of the week. That would leave me with enough time to finish the last section of my thesis paper. 

I got a call yesterday that it would actually take 2 weeks because they had to ship my laptop out for data recovery. Tried to explain that was unacceptable but nothing could be done about it. 

I’m not looking for technical advice. I need legal advice that I can use for my college and ex. My advisor said he can’t give me an extension, which means I won’t graduate next month and very likely could just fail out. Is there any legal basis for forcing my school to give me an extension? My paper and all of my qualitative data was deleted. Plus my backups were deleted. This whole situation is beyond my control. 

Is there any action I can take against my ex?

For the bot: I’m in Illinois. 

Edit:

[This is my original post](https://old.reddit.com/r/legaladvice/comments/b856m5/my_ex_deleted_my_ba_thesis_and_underlying/). Basically, my roommates and I had a party on Sunday. My ex showed up which is not unusual because we were on good terms and her friends are friends with my roommates. My computer was available for people to play their own playlists. Again, nothing unusual. I woke up on Monday and discovered all my emails were deleted (which is where I made weekly backups of my thesis). When I checked my hard drive, the folder with my thesis was deleted too. I freaked out, asked reddit for advice and took my computer to the geek squad. 

Texted my ex later on Monday asking if she deleted my thesis and didn’t hear back. Her friend called me in tears saying my ex deleted everything and feels incredibly sorry and guilty. She did it because she saw me flirting with someone at the party and got jealous. 

I have a fellowship lined up after graduation that I’m not eligible for if I don’t actually graduate. I need an extension until I get my files back. I’m completely completely screwed if I can’t turn in my thesis. 


NEWPOST:
Well, it's been a busy day and it's barely 8:30. Christ.

Yesterday afternoon, after I made my post (which admittedly helped calm my rage just posting it), I called her gynecologist. (I have uterine issues so I got her a gyno to get checked for them once she started her period.) 

She was very understanding, and offered to stay late if I wanted to bring my daughter in that evening. So, I called the police, let them know I was taking her to an appointment at her gyno that evening as well, so we could coordinate.

My daughter was a bit hesitant to go see the doctor, but understood when I explained that we needed to make sure she wasn't pregnant and didn't have any damage that went uncared for because her father refused to get her medical attention. 

The doctor said she's physically fine, pending the results of the STI tests, and she asked to be put on birth control for peace of mind. Though I know this is traumatic for her, and her father's family is a bunch of goddamn nutjobs, I'm glad they didn't get into her head enough that she'd be afraid to ask for that kind of protection.

After the doctor's appointment, we went home and ordered pizza, and a detective arrived around 8pm. He sat down with my daughter in our living room, while I hung out in my office, after making sure she was okay being alone with him. (didn't want her to not tell him something for fear I'd hear it.)

The detective told me before he left that this is a serious matter, and he'd be contacting me with information about anyone in Maine I needed to speak to. I made a few copies of the letter, and scanned it in, then gave him the original and emailed him a digital copy. He left a big folder with a bunch of victim advocacy groups' information in it. He also told me to get a restraining order for her against her father's family. 

After he left, we sat down and set up her new cell phone, and she went on Facebook and blocked her father's family, as they had started posting victim-blamey bullshit to her wall. Within an hour my phone was ringing, with my ex demanding that I make our daughter unblock him since apparently he's decided he has a right to be on her facebook. I told him to only contact me through my attorney, and hung up. 

This morning, I got a call back from my attorney, even though he's on vacation. His assistant heard my message and contacted him about it, since it seemed more pressing than most other matters, and he called me to reassure me that he will handle it, and since we divorced in CA, the custody arrangement is in CA, and it will be amended in CA (since CA is her state of residency), and in CA they take a real dim view of this kind of shit. He also told me at 14 no judge he knows of would tell her she HAD to go visit her father, much less in this situation. 

I have an appointment for her with a trauma counselor the detective recommended this afternoon, and took the day off work so that I could help her as needed. Right now she's mostly been playing World of Warcraft and eating junk food, but I feel like at least right now I'm not going to tell her when she needs to go to bed or police her health choices.

I want to thank you all for your excellent advice and support. I will do my best to keep you updated as the situation unfolds, but my conversation with the detective and my attorney leads me to believe that while the custody amendment will not take too long, the criminal proceedings may take longer, as they are complicated by the fact the victim lives in one state and the crime occurred in a different state.


NEWPOST:
Me and my ex are both Muslim, and neither of us are practicing. We're divorced, mostly because of his strict cultural believes ( I'm American, he isn't). He was forcing me to wear headscarves and not work. When I took it off and got a job, he divorced me. 

My daughter is 3 years old and he's already telling her she can't do this or that "because she's a girl and girls don't do that". I always tell her the opposite because I think gender roles are unhealthy. 

She was in a toddler soccer team and he stopped taking her because he says it's for boys. I also wanted to put her in the toddler dance classes and he said only whores dance and he forbid it.

He is already forcing her to cover up and I always take it off of her, which starts a huge fight. He says his daughter will wear hijab and not be "a whore" and I tell him she doesn't have to wear anything she doesn't want to. 

She's obviously confused who to listen to.

My question is if he's legally allowed to force his religious practices on her against my wishes?

Edit - Please stop spamming my thread with religious advice. I'm seeking secular, California LEGAL ADVICE ONLY. I already know the rulings. You are going to get my topic closed with your off-topic spam. Thank you for understanding.


NEWPOST:
Previous post a month ago [over here](https://www.reddit.com/r/legaladvice/comments/9g6uwn/does_a_child_who_didnt_see_one_parent_because_the/).

I'm safe, and I'm out.

I organised a place to stay with a coworker. I have new bank accounts and all my paperwork. My dad has some regular sport meetings on Saturdays that go for hours so I prepared everything the week before, found where my paperwork was and walked out. I've been approved for a rental and I move there soon.

I contacted two police stations near us beforehand who both understood dad's nature straight away when I told them he'd been telling me I couldn't move out because of a time debt and they told me it wasn't a thing. 

I took copies of all of his paperwork too because while I was getting ready to move I found most of what I knew about my parents separating was a lie. There was never a 50/50 custody agreement and my mother never ran off with me in violation to that. My dad had been held for several domestic violence incidents when I was a child and he was only to see me on special holidays and only under strict supervision. He's never been violent to me, but in the papers he had hidden was evidence of a trust available to me when I'm 21. Some of the specific wording is it can go to me as an individual or to my carer if that is required. I think my dad was trying to make himself up as my carer without me knowing. I did not find the letter I read when I was a kid from dad's lawyer but like you all said that was probably fake.

After I moved out my dad did try to contact the police. They came to my coworker's address because they had to, but also let me know that yes my dad was trying to say I couldn't look after myself. His words were that I was "borderline retarded and being abused".

I've been back to Canada to visit my aunts and uncle, and found the aunt who was named to manage my trust died very soon after my mother. We're still working out the details with a Canadian lawyer about some confusion over who handles what and how now but I have the full support of my remaining aunt and uncle who are the same great people I remember. They were really worried about me when I went to live with dad and had tried to contact me so many times.

Thanks for all your help, your comments gave me the confidence to act.


NEWPOST:
So my wife and I separated five months ago and she moved in with her girlfriend she was cheating on me with that led her to discover she wasn’t straight but lesbian. I should start off by saying this woman always gave me bad vibes, mainly because she is ditsy and irresponsible and avoids taking responsibility.

Anyhow. My wife has had our son the last few months during quarantine. Now that summer is coming and some states are starting to return to somewhat normal, I asked her to return him to me for some visitation. We are NOT divorced and as such we have no official custody agreement.

Honestly my hope was that my wife would realize she missed me and our marriage and would come home but now I am preparing to finally let go.

Anyways I went to pick up my son and took him home. I had to change his diaper and right away I noticed that his penis was very infected and swollen and abnormal looking.

I immediately phoned my wife and asked her what happened to our son.

She confessed that a few days earlier, her girlfriend volunteered to give him a bathe because my wife was really tired after a long day’s work (she is a substitute teacher and works night shifts in a warehouse).

Wife’s girlfriend has never cared for a child before let alone a boy let alone an uncircumcised boy, so she had no idea what the protocol was.

Apparently she googled how to clean under foreskin and stupidly read to pull it back and wash it with soap and water. Well that’s what an adult might do, but baby boys have their foreskin attaches to the glans. During or after puberty, the boy should be the first one to pull it back as part of exploration.

Anyway, she did pull it back and scrubbed it really hard because she thought it was so dirty it stuck together. Again this woman is an IDIOT.

My wife since then has just been putting Vaseline and neosporin instead of taking him to a doctor!!

I immediately took him to an urgent care center and they told me that he has an infectious growth there that needs to be treated with antibiotics.

I am so angry that my wife let this happen. She basically agreed to let her circle fiend who has zero child care experience bathe my son which led to his current serious injury.

What I’m wondering is would I be justified in keeping my son indefinitely while I begin working with my lawyer to draft a divorce agreement?

I also don’t want this woman (the girlfriend) ANYWHERE near my son whatsoever even if she gets partial custody. And would be I be a jerk if I used this incident as evidence of negligence? I recorded the whole conversation where she admitted to me what happened (and yes it’s legal to do so where I live).

Please help me think this through because I am incredibly frustrated!!! And angry! My poor son :(

Location = Portland, OR


NEWPOST:
We live in Western New York and while the backstory to why is a bit long and drawn out, though not pertinent to the situation at hand, according to our divorce agreement that was signed in 2014 I get to claim our children (there are four children) on my taxes each year even though I’m the non-custodial parent. Her financial situation as far as I know is that she doesn’t work and only gets my child support and disability checks as she has epilepsy.

This week with the Covid-19 stimulus going on she apparently started looking into tax return law and found out about form 8332 and is now wanting me to re-file my last 5 years tax returns so she can file and claim our children. I was vaguely aware of the form, but mostly in that when filing (on TurboTax) it would mention either needing that or an agreement, written or oral, thus I figured I was okay with just the divorce agreement.

She says that that isn’t so and that she intends to force me to refile, etc. so, I guess the question is am I basically screwed? Or is it possible I’m in the right on this? Thanks.


NEWPOST:
Link to Original Post: [https://www.reddit.com/r/legaladvice/comments/rx3mx7/usa\_recently\_settled\_a\_custody\_dispute\_and/](https://www.reddit.com/r/legaladvice/comments/rx3mx7/usa_recently_settled_a_custody_dispute_and/)

This is a bit of a lengthy update; it's still very fresh in my mind so I will try to keep useless details to a minimum. TL;DR of the original post is, my ex wife has a documented history of misrepresenting facts and presenting false allegations with regard to my personal well-being and living conditions. After going through court we settled for basically everything that I wanted, and today was supposed to be the first custody exchange. The TL;DR for this update can be found down below.

I called my city's non-emergency line on Thursday to inquire about civil standbys. The operator gave me some great information, and I got really confident that all would go according to plan.

I also contacted a friend who my ex knows and has a neutral-positive rapport with, and he came by for moral support and to be a third-party witness to the whole ordeal. Side note, my God, I am so happy that I have this guy in my life because he was the absolute perfect person to have with me for the whole ordeal. If you're seeing this man -- thank you again.

This morning ahead of the exchange I called my city's non-emergency line back as instructed, and they dispatched officers to my residence. When they arrived, they informed me that because there is no order for supervised exchanges or a peace/protective order in place, they were not going to be able to provide service as requested. Big fucking bummer, but not the end of the world.

My buddy showed up, I brought him inside and showed him around the place (since my ex knows him I hoped he may be able to vouch for my living conditions), and we prepared for their arrival. They showed up a little bit later, I got my phone out, started a video, put my phone in my breast pocket, and we went outside on the sidewalk to attempt the exchange.

Essentially what happened is I reiterated my stance: They were not welcome inside, and I would be taking our child inside per the agreement that we both signed and that was signed by a judge. My ex and her husband immediately began raising their voices (with my child being held by his mother outside in sub-freezing temperatures) and insisting that they needed to get our child inside because it was so cold out, and they would be coming with him. As I stood firm and calmly/repeatedly reminded them that I had no obligation to let them inside and that it would not be happening, they began making threats to call CPS because I was "leaving our child out in the cold"; that they "smelled drugs," and then my ex accused me of looking hungover (which is ridiculous considering everyone is well aware that I've been sober for over 2 years).

Anyway, you get the gist -- it didn't go well. It was also a very public dispute, and because of the continuously raised voices on the part of my ex and her husband, someone in the neighborhood called the cops. Before they arrived, my ex and her husband threatened to call them as well, which I encouraged, and as soon as they went back to their car to do so, the police that someone else had called showed up.

Essentially the officers informed both of us that they could not force the child to enter my residence without his mom, but that I was fully within my right to deny her entry and that if she chose to leave with our child, she would be in violation of the court order (which I had printed and brought with me), and they would be writing that into their incident report. They encouraged her to call her lawyer which I believe she attempted but was unsuccessful in doing. She came back claiming that her lawyer stated that, "If the minor child doesn't wish to enter the residence without her, then she would not be found in contempt of the order." Literally everybody present knew that that was false and told her that, but she refused to believe it. She then made threats to get $30,000 -- no, *$100,000* \-- from her father to take me back to court.

The officers repeatedly informed my ex that she had two options: Drop the kid off, or violate the order. They encouraged her to pick. I asked if she would feel more comfortable if an officer entered my residence to attest to my living conditions, she thought about it for a minute, but did not budge. Her way or the highway.

By this time it had been over an hour of argument, we hadn't gotten anywhere, the police had another more urgent call, and their involvement was proving futile. My ex agreed to go back to her vehicle and "attempt to encourage our child to go inside" (I firmly believed the opposite was going on). After 20 minutes she informed me that he did not want to go inside unless she could join him. I asked if I could speak to him directly, which she allowed, and I very calmly let him know how sorry I was that this was happening this way, that I know we had both been very excited for this day for a long time, and that I hoped we would still be able to have our fun day together. I asked if he also hoped we could still have a fun day together, and he said yes. So I asked him if he felt comfortable coming inside, and he said yes, at which point both his mother and step-father turned around and said, "But you're not comfortable unless mommy comes with you, right?" He hesitated, they both shook their heads to coach him, and he shook his head. They took that as proof that my ex was not in contempt and that we would "have to reschedule," and then drove off.

Police returned as this was happening and asked if I  would like to leave a domestic victim statement, which I did. They gave me my copy, handed me a card with info necessary to retrieve the police report, gave me a little bit of a pep talk, and went on their way.

I'm devastated -- absolutely heartbroken. I've been looking forward to this day for years; it finally came, and my ex just couldn't face the music and live a life where she doesn't have complete control over mine.

I know that I handled this the right way and that I now have a slam dunk case for contempt. I hate that this has to be so difficult. To anyone going through anything similar, you're not alone -- this sucks, but we got this. Keep fighting for them kids, y'all.

\----------

**TL;DR:** In the end, police involvement did not stop my ex or her husband from insisting that they had every right to enter my residence. In the process, they convinced themselves that the order "was an agreement between us, not something ordered by a judge," even with police telling them directly that if they left, my ex would in fact be in violation of the order, and that it would be documented in an official police report. I still don't get an overnight with my kid, but I have a slam dunk contempt case and my kid knows I'm not the crazy one.


NEWPOST:
Hello again everyone out there, [three years ago I made a post about how my ex lied about vaccinating our daughter](https://www.reddit.com/r/legaladvice/comments/aqylaa/co_my_ex_lied_about_vaccinating_our_immune/?utm_source=share&utm_medium=web2x&context=3). Soon after [I gave an update](https://www.reddit.com/r/legaladvice/comments/aw6gch/my_ex_lied_about_vaccinating_our_immune/?utm_source=share&utm_medium=web2x&context=3) and disappeared over the horizon. I had completely forgotten about making that post as the last few years dealing with a global pandemic and an immunocompromised daughter have aged me 3 decades. But, I saw a post recently talking about my own posts and it came back like a ton of bricks. After wrestling to get back into this account, here I am. I hope you all are still interested in an update.

Well, to give the short answer first, I have full custody of my daughter, and my ex is barred from having any contact with her.

The long answer, my court battle between my ex and me was a grueling process, one of the worst periods of my life. It took over 5 months from the time I got emergency custody to get full custody of my daughter. In retrospect, those 5 months were not as long as they felt, but they felt like the longest months of my life at that point. My ex's harassment at that time got worse, even coming to my house and attempting to force herself in to take our daughter. She was arrested for this and charged with attempted forced entry. Before she could bail herself out, the DA decided to throw the book at her for forging medical documents. She ended up spending a month in jail for this, which unfortunately got our custody case contuned. The upside of this was I was given a protective order for me and my daughter out of this, one that bit her in the ass when we finally got in front of a judge,

I was given full custody of my daughter. My ex and her lawyer pissed off the judge by trying to claim that I had planned this all from the start. Forcing her into a corner to vaccinate our daughter so I could use her response to initiate the custody battle. Her actions, her upcoming hearing for committing felony forgery and forced entry, along with the protective order convinced the judge that my ex was more than a danger to our daughter. She lost all custodial rights, and as of now is not legally allowed to contact her in any form. My protective order was extended by two years as well, but I didn't need it as it was only a few months later she went to prison.

My ex pleaded out, they dropped the forced entry charge and she only got 2 years in prison for the forgery but was still hit with the felony. She was released early due to covid though. Since then, luckily, I have had no contact with my ex outside of getting the child support I am owed. I am not really inclined to keep tabs on her personal life, but I know that she went off the conspiracy deep end. She is now a full Qanon supporter, and dating someone who was involved in the January 6th insurrection. Other than that, she has disappeared from my daughter's life entirely.

As for me and my daughter? The past few years have been a living nightmare. We moved to a new state and I had to put her into fully online schooling. But, our lives are great. And, amazingly, my daughter was able to get the covid vaccine only a month ago and is cleared to go to physical school once the summer ends.

This saga of my life has taught me so many things. I am grateful every day to have my daughter with me, safe and in a place where she can slowly grow and get healthier. It's kinda touching that so many people are interested after all this time in a normal guy like me and my daughter. I genuinely hope this is the last update I have to make. Thank you for your interest, and see you all over the next horizon.


NEWPOST:
My ex and I have maintained a, often at times,  highly contentious co-parenting relationship. We've been separated for over 7 years and I strongly disagree with many of her parenting methods. We have joint legal custody of our daughter and she has primary physical custody as my overnights equate to 30% of all overnights annually. On to last night...

As I'm finishing up dinner preparations, my daughter comes downstairs with three individual baggies and informs me she needs to take her medicine before dinner. After asking what medicine it is, she informs me it is to help with her stress. I immediately take the bags and tell her she will not be taking anything that I do not know about. I step outside to call her mother as I am fuming at this point because this is far from the first time I have been uninformed (whether it be school absences, doctor visits, etc.). Her mother proceeds to tell me she has started her on sertraline hydrochloride as a result of her stress levels and panic attacks of late. She says my daughter's therapist and primary physician decided this course of action based on her mother telling them of these alleged occurrences. 

Now her mother is truly someone I believe to exhibit the characteristics of munchausen syndrome by proxy. She has three other children (5, 3, and newborn) with each of them regularly diagnosed with new issues (yes, even the newborn). For some reason I have not witnessed a single occurrence of a panic attack in my daughter and her stress levels, although elevated at times (I mean, whose aren't?) are far from abnormal. 

I am at a complete and utter loss at the moment. For one, why would the first solution to be to put her on anti anxiety/depressant medication? For example, I know her bed times are consistently late (often approaching 11 pm), maybe her "panic attacks" are crankiness as a result of often being tired. Two, who in the world thinks it appropriate to send an eight year old child to school with unmarked bags with pills and rely on her to take proper doses at proper times, all without informing the other parent. Three, there is a newborn baby in their household and I can't help but feel her mother is overwhelmed and using this medication as a form of parenting.

Please help! Any and all information is appreciated from the bottom of my heart.


NEWPOST:
Australia.

Ex husband and I invested $20,000 of our shared money in crypto a few years ago. He has the log in details and the digital wallet. We divorced and agreed to split everything 50/50. He refuses now to hand over my half of the crypto. He refuses to tell me how much is in the accounts. He, a few months ago over text, admitted there was $7,000 left (from a compulsive liar, I doubt this). I demanded he then give me my 3,500 and please just end this. He just tells me “good luck, no one can trace it.” I’m in a really bad place financially, I really need the money for medical treatment. I think there’s far more than $7,000 and feel so helpless. I worked my ass off through chemo and full time work and full time study to save for that money and he took it all :( please help me. 

Just as an FYI - In Aus, a divorce is finalised seperate to the finalisation of property and assets.


NEWPOST:
I had to make a throwaway account to avoid being identified. 

I am at a loss for words right now. I feel like my entire existence has been a lie. I have lived for 28 years and now I feel like I even know who I am anymore. 

I was helping my dad and stepmom clean up for a garage sale. I was in the attack and was going through a bunch of old boxes that hadn’t been touched in years. I was looking through one box and there were some photos of me with aunts, uncles, cousins and other family members on my dads side. I had never seen these pictures so I looked through them all. After a few photos, they were just photos of me. Usually alone on a bed. Then there were photos of me naked. And I was crying. I dont really want to go into detail of the rest of the photos I saw. 

My parents were divorced, so this must have happened during Christmas or summer break since that’s when I had visits with my dad. My mom is going to be devastated. I don’t want her to blame herself. She tried hard to allow my dad custody. He was physically abusive towards her, he was wealthy so I guess he had a good lawyer. 

I’m not really sure what my next steps are here. Do I report this? I never had any behaviors from this alleged abuse nor did I have any PTSD because I never knew I was abused. My mind is all over the place and I just feel lost.


NEWPOST:
First off, I totally love this kid. He has been an amazing friend to my entire family. However, his mother and step father recently split up due to his step father cheating and his mothers recent addiction to drugs. He has grown up in an abusive household and is underweight as they never fed him. Three weeks ago she dropped him off at our house to stay the night and hasn't returned. At this point it's the best thing for him and he is in no way an inconvienece. He is totally welcome to stay. However, he has one set of clothes and I have been trying to reach his family to get him his stuff but nobody is responding. I really don't know where to start. I want to call police to get his things, but I don't want him to get placed into a foster family. He is in a very fragile state and I wouldn't want to do that to him. Where do I start? What should I be looking to do? I have no way to get him any help because I am not his legal guardian. I really want to get him some counseling and help with school. So, how do I help him? He is currently 15 if that helps and we live in WA state. Any help would be much appreciated.


UPDATE:

Thank you so much for the outpouring of support. I drove him to his house today and spoke with his mother. His mother told him he had 10 minutes to get everything he needed and to get out. So I got to deal with a very hurt child this morning. I think the resounding answer here was to get a family lawyer. So that's what I am going to do. I am going to sit down and document everything I saw. I am also gonna ask that he do the same. He is a teenager and deserves a stable environment which I believe my family can provide. So the end game is that we at least get temporary custody of him until he is an adult. My son has been great through this entire thing and has really stepped up and showed how caring he is. Without him, I wouldn't know half the stuff going on. So I guess we gained a new family member today. I'm happy that he's here, yet disappointed in the situation.


NEWPOST:
Hey all. This might come out jumbled since I just got an email about this and I'm very frazzled. I'm sorry if some of this doesn't make sense.

My wife and I (also a woman) are fostering a baby boy who is almost two. He was taken from his birth mother because of some child neglect and his mother went to jail. We have been fostering him for nearly six months and are planning on adopting him, unless his mother can make a bid for custody back. She currently doesn't have a steady job and her housing situation is iffy as best so I do not think that is likely. How biological father is unknown.

My son attends daycare and last month, caught pertussis (whooping cough). He was hospitalized for two days but he pulled through. We realized he had missed several vaccines, so after he recovered, we got him caught up.

Last week at visitation, the caseworker mentioned this to biomom who freaked out about poisoning her baby and giving her autism. He (caseworker) explained that this wasn't the case, and that we're trying to protect him from illness, especially at his daycare. She said we violated her religious rights. (Religion has never come up before.)

We kind of brushed it off because she is always exaggerating things to get her son back (which is expected). She's also complained that she didn't want her son raised by two women but there weren't other foster parents available at the time (according to the social worker). But today she emailed us that she has a lawyer and she will take us to court for damages to her son. He hasn't been damaged by the vaccines at all, beyond a basic booboo.

Can she really take us to court? Does she have a case? My wife said I'm overreacting and that the judge will throw it out, but I'm not so sure. What documents do I need to make my case?

Edit: thank you all for the advice! (My wife is now using it to say "I told you so.") We emailed the caseworker but haven't heard anything yet; it's a Saturday though, so we'll probably hear from him on Monday or Tuesday. I'll let you know if anything changes.


NEWPOST:
More than a year ago, I posted a message here on the advice of my son. I’m not sure how to link it but you can view my post history. Location is Washington.

My daughter disclosed sexual abuse to me from my now ex husband, and in shock, I made every mistake possible. Not only did I doubt her, I was convinced she was lying. 

There is no excuse, but my children are better than I deserve. I knew immediately that I had to reevaluate. The day after I first posted, I rented a room away from my husband. I called my daughter on the phone and we spoke for hours. We both cried and I apologized. If we were in the same city, I would have thrown myself on my knees. I told her I loved her and she said, “I know. I love you too.” She asked me to see a therapist and I agreed. I also called my son and thanked him for being there for his sister when her own mother was not.

My children actually suggested this update, although they understandably want details about legal proceedings to be kept private. I still feel both disgust for myself and awe that I have their forgiveness and love despite how I failed them both, but we have worked through so much pain and we are a family. 

Thank you for your honesty and being the first to open my eyes.


NEWPOST:
https://old.reddit.com/r/legaladvice/comments/9pvzr8/im_going_to_sound_like_a_busybody_but_am/


So, first, I didn't appreciate all of the nasty messages I got from people insulting me and berating me and saying that I was trying to ruin this family by calling CPS.  Yes, I'm well aware of the fact that some CPS workers have made poor decisions, but you're in idiot to not utilize it when it's appropriate. Along with those messages, I got quite a few from people saying they grew up in similar situations and had been indeed been molested and to please call and to put this in the hands of the authorities.  

I never personally thought that the girl was getting molested; I just wondered at what point this creepy emotional incest is deemed inappropriate. So I went ahead and called and when I said the woman's name, the worker said, "Oh, she works at *****?" So, she was already on the radar.  I told her what facts that I knew about that I thought were concerning.

Yesterday the coworker went on a rant about how she's being persecuted, that CPS is on her case again- again, after previous complaints about the child pooping repeatedly in the neighbor's yard when she was a toddler and something else about food stamp fraud getting her checked out by CPS a couple of years ago.  

There was a long convoluted conversation. I have to listen to this self-absorbed narcissist talk about herself endlessly and never say anything, just try to disengage as diplomatically as possible and get back to work.  But CPS wanted to see the girl's bedroom and they said she slept in the attic, which is a pull-down trap door. Which is never actually used and CPS was well aware of that. When the breast feeding topic came up, I was like Oh, she still breast feeds, huh? And get this, she said that at her age, she can no longer "latch on" and actually get milk out of the breast anyway. It's for bonding purposes. 

The bed thing......I thought it was super obvious before that they were having sex with her in the bed, which I personally find disgusting, but in the last post people seemed okey-dokey with it. So, I asked her, Isn't it hard to get any privacy for sex? You see, I'm not holistic and could not understand that it's a worldwide practice for parents to have sex in front of their children and it takes away their fear of death. Fucking gross. THREE HOURS LATER and she's still talking about all of this, well, more about how she's a martyr, and her mom brings the kid in after school. I turn to the kid and for the first time, got brave and said to the her, "So what do you do at night when they're having sex?" And she said, "I pretend I'm sleeping!"  Both the grandma and mom were speechless, like maybe it dawned on them a little bit about how very bad that sounds.  

I'm not exactly sure how everything went down, but I do know that she's not being taken out of school, she was assessed and the professionals didn't think she was being molested (again, I didn't really think so but still thought this was inappropriate and not just a different form of parenting). They have to clean out one of the bedrooms that's a hoarding pit and provide her with her own bedroom. The girl's father was somehow in the loop and will be more active with her, since he's technically got half-time custody anyway. 

She said she's trying to have a second baby now anyway. And my favorite part, her sycophantic friends, even more poor than her, are doing fund raising on her behalf; for what or why, I do not know. 

For the people saying that they're going to figure out who I am here on Reddit, first of all, these people brag about not using social media, and second of all, they can kiss my ass; I'm leaving soon for nursing school WHERE I'M GOING TO VACCINATE ALL OF THE LITTLE CHILDREN! 




NEWPOST:
The fertility clinic definitely messed up. My wife loves the baby way too much to say anything. Obviously the baby is going to grow up and ask questions. People near me ask if baby was adopted because baby is white and we are brown. I am going to get a DNA kit for my personal knowledge. But we are scared that we might lose custody if we say anything and we have become very attached to baby who is one years old now.

What should I do?

The egg and sperm was supposed to come from us. Did they mess up the embryo with wrong sperm or egg or did they insert the wrong embryo?

Just to clarify it’s not just skin colour, it’s also eye colour and hair colour