Many family law attorneys are familiar with issues like this and will work with people in your sister's position. She should contact some.His wife is irrelevant. Stop communicating through her and use the app to communicate with your son's father. If you have scheduled visits tell them that you will be showing up and expect your son to be there. 

You need to get a family lawyer and go back to court if dad is not allowing you to use your visits as outlined in the order.
So wait, you are communicating through the app as ordered, and his new wife is talking to you through the app?In many states that strictly follow the CAPTA rules, quick acts of physical discipline that don't leave lasting damage or other types of serious harm won't meet the definition of child abuse. A quick slap or a spanking, for example, is generally allowed by law.

The real issue here is how it could be addressed in your custody case.
They can be arrested if they do it one time, let alone multiple. It's battery. The legal ramifications are jail, fines, criminal record.
More than likely not. Most states allow punishment like that as long as they leave no marks.>How should I handle this situation and would she be able to force me to pay child support as a Polish citizen?

How you handle it is up to you, but you should be prepared to pay child support, because of course she can. Have you told your command?
You should handle it by paying the child support when she files for it, as it will be enforceable between Poland and the US. If she is not having an abortion, there isn't any other truly viable and legal option where you won't need to basically start your life over from scratch somewhere else.
Yes, the and US and Poland have an arrangement for child support. She's not "forcing" you per se, child support is the right of the child; children have the right to be financially supported by both parents. There's also Hague.
If youre not ready to be a father, then you should wear a condom!
[removed]
1. Go to JAG now!

2. A US court will probably enforce a court order for child support against you from a polish court. It would take a lot of effort on her part, but it's still doable. 

3. There are routes to disclaim parental rights and thus not pay child support, but that's a pretty intense route. Again go to JAG

Life advice: this kid is going to be in your life one way or another, get some deeper therapy about it to fully ensure you are making the right decision.
You should absolutely insist on a paternity test before you do anything.> I don't really know anything about the custody agreement 

Then no one here can help.
If there's already an upon custody case, your brother in law will have to go back to court and seek an order prohibiting her from doing anything further.The police will be of little to no help in this situation unless she is willing to press charges and see them through.  Unfortunately in a lot of abuse situations, the abused doesn't do this.  As for the child, sounds like you have an arrangement that doesn't give you much to stand on.  You are not his legal guardian and the father could potentially call the police and have you arrested if you attempt to keep the child from him.  You are in the middle of a very ugly situation.  Best bet is to get CPS involved and potentially get them to place the child legally in your care.  But you are definitely looking at an uphill battle.> It just seems like there was a heavy bias towards her in the judgement despite them having 50/50 custody and he still has his kids like 3-4 days a week.

The custody arrangement generally doesn't have much to do with child support. What is the difference between his annual income and hers?Generally speaking, there is usually a "day of separation" where a snapshot of the finances will be taken. That may very well be the day he left the family, or it could be as far back as the day he started draining his savings. Her lawyer can help her identify the best time to argue when they officially separated and go from there.
> She has an attorney

Her attorney can explain what will happen better than anyone here.You haven't asked a legal question but that said you say there are lawyers and a lawsuit so you should be talking to the lawyers here.After 4 years any hope of settling it between yourselves is out the window. Yes you need a lawyer.
Yes get a lawyer and document everything
Seven is not an appropriate age to determine visitation; get a lawyer ASAP, it sounds like parental alienation. Also, get therapy for him to discuss what's happening AND together to learn what HE is feeling.
Nal but why did you wait 4 years? Most parents wouldn't of gone 4 months like that
Sounds like the mim is alienating you from him. Get a lawyer, and you need court ordered family therapy. You also need a concrete visitation schedule. I would suggest you only contact the mom through email or text. This can be a record for your benefit.
[removed]This isn’t theft if she is a co-owner of this property. It would be a civil matter, so the police won’t be involved. 

It would depend on your location, but I think the most likely recourse you would have is to sue her for half the value of the cat. Another option would be to sue her for the cat, but you would need to convince a judge that they should take the cat away from her and give it to you.

What’s your location? Who paid/pays for this cat? Where have you/her/it been living, together? How did she obtain it from you?You don't.

Until she gives birth, there us no child for you to have custody of, and you can't keep her from moving wherever she wants.

Once the child is born, you can be recognized as the legal father either through a voluntary paternity declaration (with the mother's consent and cooperation) or through a court determination of paternity, including possible DNA testing. 

Only at that point will you be able to seek custody.Generally, avoid pissing off the neighbor, maybe have a security camera or two, and call the police if he puts you in danger.Assuming US, they can't legally just lock her out/deny entry. She's a tenant, they must give notice and then take her to court if she doesn't leave by the conclusion of the notice period. The specifics depend on the state.
Smashing someone's phone is illegal and they should file a police report if only to have a paper trail. Generally this would be a small claims situation but she should speak to her divorce attorney about if it should be included in the settlement instead. If her other property in the home has been damaged or destroyed, that'll also be a police report + civil suit for recourse situation.

Police can do a "civil standby" where they accompany her to get her things. How long she has to get things will vary based on the officers involved and their schedule. It'll be triage. Grab the most important stuff first and anticipate not being able to get it all. Call the nonemergency line to arrange this. She may need to wait (preferably nearby but out of sight) for several hours. 

This sounds like it might be an illegal eviction. What can be done about it will vary depending on location.
[removed]I'm not sure whether the unclaimed property items are in one of the grandparent's names or in both of the grandparents' names, but you should check the probate files for each grandparent at the county courthouse to see if (1) the file has a will and (2) find out the name and address of the executor for each estate.

Check each will to see if your children were named as beneficiaries in either of the wills.  Maybe they were and maybe they were not named as beneficiaries.

The bottom line is that you need to let the executor of the estate know about these funds so that the executor can claim the money and distribute it to the legal heirs.
I can hardly understand what you're trying to say.

Why do you feel like you're entitled to any money?It will come from the estate if the estate has the funds. She can also apply for social security survivors benefits but those end when you turn 18 or graduate high school.> Well one of the loans on the house has matured & they’re wanting full payment of the remaining 13k on the loan or they’re threatening foreclosure. 

Which, apparently, has nothing to do with your mother. 

> My parents can’t afford legal help, can’t afford to move & will soon be homeless. Any advice?

If you were willing to pay $13k to someone for a loan that isn't hers, why not use the money to help your parents settle somewhere else?
The house does not belong to your mother, and it sounds like it probably never will. There's really no recourse here, assuming the amount your mom has been paying is close to fair market rent.
Location? Why did she think she purchased it with a co-signer? She should review the documents she signed.
This is in the USA right? The loan is unusual, most people get a fixed rate for 30 years. G’s credit score must be bad in order for this type of loan to occur. 

It doesn’t sound like she was scammed. It sounds like she never owned the house and essentially lived there as a tenant. There are no legal rights for people doing rent to own in the USA. It is basically a gentleman’s agreement. If you look into that arrangement, it is close to what is happening to your parents. 

A non family member was a “co-signer” which is a terrible idea. You or your sister should have really been there to read over the paperwork since your mom is illiterate. It also really sounds like your stepsister is screwing over your parents. G doesn’t seem to be the issue.

G isn’t even trying to kick them out. The bank is asking for payment on the loan. There is no legal recourse here for your parents. In this case, the owner should sell the house if they can’t make the balloon payment. Now if G was trying to kick them off, they might be able to fight as the paid the mortgage directly and lived there two decades. But with the bank, they will foreclose on the house and evict your parents.
[deleted]
[removed]
I think it looks like she's going to need to at least consult a lawyer. It sounds like there may have been some secondary agreement between your mom and step sister at some point and it sounds like technically the house was awarded to your stepsister in the divorce decree. That means that while G's name is on the paperwork even if he did decide to sign it over like he should, she might have the ability to hold up the transfer or take the property entirely as he should have already signed it over to her and she should have had the mortgage adjusted to remove him. I'm not sure how divorce decrees work and the fact the address is incorrect may invalidate it but it may not. So legally the current owner of the property has to be sorted.

On the other hand you could also maybe get the house signed over in a bit of an underhanded way by playing G and his ex against each other. Pointing out to G that technically he was supposed to have already given your stepsister the house and he would be stopping her from being paid half its value just by signing it over to your mom per the original agreement might make him more amenable. Plus it gets his name and credit out of this entire mess and he never needs to deal with your family again.
The timeframe for you to sort this out is short with a bank attempting to process a foreclosure. Once that happens it would be very difficult to get things reversed. You should at least have a conversation with an attorney to determine if your parents have a chance to gain title and if it’s worth it or even affordable to fight. You need to realize that at this time your parents are viewed as renters of the property unless proven otherwise and have rights as elderly and disabled tenants if everything goes poorly. There should be free legal assistance if everything falls apart so they don’t get strong armed in the eviction process.What does their contract say?
[deleted]Sue whom?
Why don't you and your daughter get along ? Cause it seems like you have no idea what is going on in her life.You need to get a proper custody and parenting plan in place and approved by a court.1. The estate exists, but it sounds like it's insolvent. So not worth probating.
2. No, don't do anything.
3. I would not do anything with the car.

The problem with doing something is that can lead to you being responsible for that something, and then perhaps for something else.  If you do a few things, then you might put yourselves in a position to do all things. Which is thankless and pointless. So do nothing.

Sorry for your loss.
I am sorry to hear of your family's loss.

The good folks at the adjacent personal finance subreddit have a helpful probate-adjacent wiki about handling the financial aspects of the death of a loved one.

https://www.reddit.com/r/personalfinance/wiki/death_of_loved_one

>Money is also still owed on the loan for the car.

That's actually good.   Contact the lender, tell them the borrower is deceased, and ask if they'd like you to deliver it or have it towed.

There is an "estate", it just has few assets and nobody has been assigned to administer it.   It's the "personal representative" that a court would assign to administer the estate who is responsible for managing [filing their taxes](https://www.irs.gov/individuals/deceased-person) and having the estate pay their debts.

You won't be personally responsible for his debts, even if you do become the estate administrator.   Don't give money to anyone who demands or requests it;  they come out of the woodwork, both legit and scams.

You *can* choose to simply do nothing at all.
Since there is no estate, there won't be any estate taxes.  Does any one know if he was in the habit of filing a personal income tax in recent years?

If you can find copies of his tax returns among his personal papers, someone may want to try to calculate if he is owed a refund or will owe taxes if a return for the 2022 tax year is prepared, or maybe he has already prepared and submitted his own return.The spouse facing criminal charges needs to discuss the conditions of their release with their attorney and see whether it's permitted to move back into the residence.  My guess is no.This, whatever it is, if it even is anything, doesn't have anything to do with you. Sure, you're caught in the middle a little. But she's allowed to take photos. She's allowed to look at mail. Just do you and let her do her. Don't try to fight with her about it. Dad will deal with anything that might happen.Assuming you already have a court order where you have custody….(this is omitted from your post)

You’d file an emergency motion, potentially ex parte, in the court to have child returned to your custody. 

However, if custody hasn’t been court ordered, you’ve just entered a gray area and would still need to seek clarification from the family court on the issue.
You can complain to the school but unless you have a court order saying you have sole physical custody and you previously informed the school, there's no legal issue with them releasing your son to his father.The Affidavit of Indigence form requires the applicant (your wife) to describe your income/take home pay. You, the victim in a DV case, don't have to sign the form, fill it out or even provide her with any information. It would be perjury if she "knowingly or intentionally" provided false information.>  the intent to sue

I intend to sue you for having no letter "e" in your username. You should ignore me unless you get an actual summons for a lawsuit, complete with a court date.

An emotional distress lawsuit would actually be far more absurd though.
Most states deal with pets as property and most states deal with property with money. If I won't give back your $50 dollar coffee table I can be ordered to give you $50 and you can do what you want with it. 

A writ of replevin is a court order for specific property like a cat and usually lawyer territory and for obvious reasons most people don't want to spend thousands on stray cats. 

Note that's not the right way to adopt a stray. You contact the pound/shelter in your area and inform them of the found pet. After a stray hold is done and they check all records of missing pets then they can legally adopt out an animal similar to getting it from a rescue.
If this made it into an actual courtroom, which is unlikely, the plaintiff would have to prove that it was in fact their cat.  Your parents having possessed it and cared for it for years would be a pretty strong indication that it's "their" cat to keep.  

If you're in the US, *most* courts, even if they did prove it, would not order your parents to hand over the cat.  Cats are property -- like a toaster or a skateboard or a can of soup.  The plaintiff would have the right to the replacement cost (typically, a shelter adoption fee of maybe $150 or so).  Of course, if it's a rare breed with papers, and the plaintiff could prove it, it might be substantially more.  

Some US states will allow a pet owner to recover the actual pet instead of just a cash damages award.

But it's unlikely in any event to make it into an actual lawsuit. Of course, if it does, your parents should take it seriously.

Countersuing for emotional distress is almost certainly a non-starter, because a person with a cognizable claim (even one ultimately proven false) has the right to sue to vindicate their rights.  Maybe if you could prove that the people were lying, you might be able to countersue for legal fees and maybe for some damages.  But proving they're lying is a lot harder than just proving that their claim has no merit.We don’t determine who can be parents based on how much money they make. The parent just needs to be able to care for the child while with them.> Can my ex hide all our assets under an LLP so I don’t get half in our divorce?

Not successfully, no. 

Why are you taking legal advice from your adversary? Him saying you have no claim is like the mouse saying it's not delicious to the cat.

Oh: you're not settling out of court. Already, he's declaring that loudly. You need a lawyer.
Haha, OMG, the first thought that comes to me is that you have a mortgage, right? He can't just say he's transferring ownership to some hypothetical entity just because he says so. And presto chango the house is now the LLC's. Like he'd have to sell the home to the corporations or something and the mortgage and deed would get changed accordingly.

Talk to the lawyer, this sounds only slightly saner than sovereign citizen nuttery, and he cooked all this up himself? This also stinks of a tax evasion scheme, I'd be concerned that you'd be legally or financially liable for some shady illegal business.
If he owns 100% of the llc  you want half the llc.
NAL. Your ex is full of it if he thinks that legal structure will hold up in a divorce court.
You are allowed to transfer property into an LLP, but if you did not sign off on it and your name is still on the deed, then you still own it personally. Also, if you have a mortgage, your bank would be unlikely to approve transferring it. 

LLP can be set up because they are usually tax advantageous, but your husband's complicated structure of having two shell companies could be indictive of either fraud or trying to hide assets either from you or the IRS.

I would hire a tax attorney to go through your last seven years of taxes, especially if they were filed jointly to make sure everything is above board. You do not want to mess with the IRS, and if fraud is uncovered, it's better if you report it vs being found out.

I would also hire a forensic accountant, there likely is assets that you are unaware of.
Divorce lawyers hate this one weird trick ...

Short answer, "No."
Hire a forensic accountant. The longer you wait the more time your husband has to move things around. Your atty should know someone. They will charge you but it's worth it in the long run. They'll sniff out any shenanigans and probably offer you some good advice for moving forward after the divorce is settled.

Don't take advice from your husband or his attorney. They aren't helping you.
A real estate investment trust has to have 100 owners* and 5 of the owners can’t own more than 50%

He didn’t start a reit with your residence.




Edit: * at least 100
NAL, but how is he arguing that you're not entitled to half? Even with all of the LLP/C shenanigans, the LLC that 'owns' all of you stuff was created after you were married. When dividing communal property, are you not entitled to half of his share in the LLC?
Don't listen to a single word your ex is saying. Get a lawyer who specializes in this (it sounds like the one you have currently is out of their depth) and let them handle everything going forward.
The deed of the house says who owns the house. If it’s half in your name, you own half.
He’s going to start liquidating shit to get a lawyer once he realizes what the fuck kind of ride he is in for.
Get a lawyer pronto as in tight now. This is not a diy divorce.
Narcissistic personality disorder sounds about right.  How confident are you that your husband spent the money on "stuff?"  


He seems to have intentionally created a confusing framework to conceal assets, are you sure any of the remaining 80K?  You really need a lawyer to navigate this.  I really doubt he made an airtight network through legal zoom.  He spent all the money, maxed out credit cards...  these actions can and should be considered in the division of assets.
[removed]
A good lawyer will easily be able to "pierce the veil".  Doesnt mean you automatically deserve or get half though.
Stop playing nice. Take his delusional ass to court and make sure your attorney eats him & his foolery up. Leave no crumbs. As a divorcee myself, listen to me when I say that love and happiness from your marriage is the past. You’re getting divorced for a reason, leave feelings out of it because at this point it’s business.
Sounds like the partnership and corps are sham shell companies that aren't able to do what he set them up to do.  If the mortgage isn't in the company name(s), then it doesn't belong to them, it still belongs to you and him, which makes ot 100% fair game on equitable distribution of assets.  And if he didn't use company checks/cards for the toys, I'm pretty sure they're all marital property, too, that in theory you can force him to sell.

Karma's a bitch....
Advice is do what your lawyer says, don’t talk to your husband, and wait for your husband to go to jail for tax evasion and fraud….which seems likely given the film-flammery he’s trying to pull.Go on your states bar association website, or Avvo, and search for a probate attorneyGenerally speaking, property acquired prior to marriage in Arizona is separate and belongs to the spouse who acquired it.
Likely the equity (value if it were sold minus any mortgages or other debts against it) as of the date of your marriage would belong solely to him, and you could potentially ask for half of the increase in equity since then during the divorce.  Time to contact a divorce lawyer and give them all the facts and info.Your co-parent can pursue you for support at any time. The grounds are that your child lives primarily with them or the difference in your incomes, and not really anything else about your or their personal life.

Marriage doesn't change that in any meaningful legal sense in most jurisdictions, but if you add a location we can be more specific.Possibly, it certainly isn't a point in her favor.>  I offered him to buy his stake and he said no. I offered him the option to buy me out and he said no. I suggested him to sell the house and he said no. He wants to keep my hands tied

Go to court for a partition sale. Renting out rooms is going to be a disaster and going to get you sued by these tenants once he makes their tenancy unbearable.
Are you actually on the mortgage of the jointly-owned house? You say you can't pay for both, and banks are usually good at figuring that out so it's surprising you were approved for another mortgage. If you are on the deed but not the mortgage you are in a much stronger position to negotiate with your ex.
Force the sale of the property.  


Anything you pay towards the mortgage is 50% a gift for him. Don't do this. Talk to your bank.

Could you rent it this way? Sort of. Aside from renting requirements, he would still have to agree to renting it out. He is the co-owner. So he is entitled to enter any space in the house. Therefore, unless the house is legally divided, you cannot rent out any part without his consent.
Who is on the deed? Who is on the mortgage?
Of course you can, but you're going to need to find an extremely understanding tenant, and be prepared for the potential drama from the current 50% occupant / owner of the property.

The tenant needs to be aware of the volatile situation and you should go to the trouble of running a credit check and signing a month-to-month lease.

Perhaps it will only take a month or so for the other partial owner (current 50% occupant) to agree to buy you out or sell to you or agree to a public sale listing.

It's important to figure out your preferred end game.

Good Luck.

QUOTE:

Can I rent half of my and my partner’s house?

(self.legaladvice)
submitted 4 hours ago by Simon40410

I purchased a home with my partner (not married) a couple years ago. We are now separating and I no longer want to live with him. I offered him to buy his stake and he said no. I offered him the option to buy me out and he said no. I suggested him to sell the house and he said no. He wants to keep my hands tied and I was forced to buy another property to move with my kids and leave our home alone.

I can’t pay for both properties and he wants me to keep paying the mortgage for the first property, which I believe legally I have to. So I had an idea that I’m not sure if it’s legal.

Since on the first floor there are two rooms that he is using as his bedroom and as his office/storage. On the second floor there are two rooms that were my kids’ and are empty now. The living room, kitchen, bathroom are common areas. Can I rent the two rooms on the second floor as my half of the house? He might not like it but since I would be paying for half of the house, I should be entitled to use half of the house however I want?> I just don’t know what to do anymore

But there isn't anything for you to do except make sure she hires an attorney.

> He is demanding almost everything in the divorce

It's legal to demand things. We don't usually get what we want.

> What can I do to help my mom?

Make sure she hires an attorney.
Your mom needs a good family law attorney.Does your sister have a lawyer? It sounds like she desperately needs one. The child's father absolutely has the right to petition for custody.>Despite this, the judge would not grant the order (said much of the info was “irrelevant”).

That's not surprising given the information you've provided here.  Conspiracy theories, infidelity, narcissistic behavior, manipulation, smooth talking, gaslighting, lying and just generally being an asshole aren't relevant.  Telling the judge that "we still care about this guy" and he just needs help may have also undercut any arguments about the seriousness of the situation.  Fundamentally, ROs aren't about getting someone help, they're about getting them away from you. 

Your friend needs a family practice attorney, not a well-intentioned friend to help her make her case that a restraining order is necessary.
Yea, it doesn't sound like the judge felt there's an imminent threat of violence or harm. 

Your friend needs to handle all this as part of the divorce and custody case process.
Sure, she *can* appeal it, but the chances of it being overturned are probably very low.

She can get an attorney who can help her get more relevant evidence. Different jurisdictions handle protection/restraining orders differently, so if the judge is saying a lot of her testimony was irrelevant, then she may need more direct evidence that her safety is in actual danger. Even as a layperson, being an alcoholic and a conspiracy theorist doesn't inherently mean someone's safety is in danger.

> she is genuinely scared for her safety

Has the STBX explicitly said or done anything to make her feel this way?call the attorney whose name is on the paperwork.  tell they served the wrong person.  if they have any doubt, they can confirm with their client (who isn't your ex-spouse)
Have you tried contacting the lawyer listed on the paperwork?
Have you considered calling the clerk?

> police are going to show up

To extradite you 2,000 miles is not impossible but it seems highly unlikely over child support.

Many lawyers offer free consultations.
Just call the plaintiffs attorney listed on the caption and let them know.  That should’ve been the first thing you do.
Wait, it seems to me that OP was not properly served at all. The papers were given to someone else, and the names were wrong. Why does OP need to respond to this at all?
OP I’m a lawyer that works for a court system. Stop calling the court. The court isn’t going to resolve the issue for you. As others have mentioned, CALL THE ATTORNEY LISTED ON THE COURT PAPERS.
Ignore it, and you may have a warrant for your arrest.  You need a lawyer to protect yourself.
If you don't get a response from the clerk's office then I would show up to court and explain what happened to the judge.  That way you don't have to worry about being arrested and you might be able to solve the problem.  I know it would be really inconvenient.  I wish you the best of luck. Please let us know what happens.
You may may want to look up your state's Bar association and they may be able to help you find a lawyer who could help you out pro-bono or low cost.
So your last name is first then your first name is last? Like jhonson,jhon ? The only reason asking is because a lot of times they go by your last name then fist name on court paper work. And are you 100 percent there's no chance you could be the father?>If they were to do this would they be violating any laws in the State of New York? If they are we can inform them of this ahead of time in the hopes of preventing it from happening in the first place.

 *IF* a crime were occurring, what do you imagine would prevent you from letting them know as much? 

 Unless the driver is your ex's legal guardian, there's nothing legally noteworthy about the situation as you're describing it.
It's not illegal not to give someone a lift, no. Taxis and buses exist.There's no stolen property here. The police don't decide who owns property, that's for a court. It's probably not worth pursuing, given that it was $500 at the time, maybe $200 now? And it's been taken as evidence.
>   lent an ex my second phone 

It's not stolen.

> I dont know if it's even worth it to try and get it back. 

Presumably, you could sue, but it'd be for the current/replacement valueThere is no direct action for you to take, you can report this directly to the SSA OIG, or at your local field office. Depending on the amounts involved and when this occurred they may or may not choose to pursue it.