Title: **UPDATE: My father and step mother died, leaving me (19m) and my step sister (8f). My step sisters father, won't allow me visitations... I GOT CUSTODY!!!**


> 
> So after one of the most stressful months of my life, I can happily tell you all that I got custody of my sister.
> 
> I did as many of you suggested and got a family lawyer who was one of the most kind and helpful people I've ever met in my life. I told her the circumstances of my step mom and dad's death through tears and sobbing, and then told me she'd do everything she possibly could to help me.
> 
> After my step sisters bio dad was informed that I would be trying to get full custody, he basically folded within hours. The lawyer told me that it wouldn't have mattered anyway though. She said that because he hadn't visited her for such an extended period of time that it was considered "abandonment" in the eyes of the law, and the likelihood of him specifically getting custody was unlikely because of this. 
> 
> After her bio dad said he didn't want my step sister, I then spent weeks and weeks filing out the right papers and seeing the right people. I've never signed so many things in my entire life. Because my step sister had no biological family other than her shit-head dad, I was given custody on a silver platter, according to my lawyer.
> 
> Her bio dad didn't ask for visitation rights, and it appears he didn't even care in the first place, he just wanted my step sister for no reason other than to further upset me.
> 
> Yesterday, I signed the last piece of paper that confirmed that I had 100% custody of my step sister. After I signed, we both cried and cried for hours. We're both working on processing the death of her mom and my dad. As I write this, she's asleep next to me with her head on my shoulder.
> 
> The past two months have hands down been the worst of my entire life. I consider meeting my step sister the best that's ever happened to me, and adopting her is one of the best decisions I've ever made. These events have made me realise that family isn't just DNA based, it's actionable investments in the life of someone you love.
> 
> Thank you so, so, so much for all of the people who helped me in my first thread. I owe all of you for the rest of your lives. Once I turn 21, if any of ya'll are in the Aberdeen area, drinks are on me. 
> 
> I hope you all lead wonderful lives. Give your loved ones a big hug for me.



Rational arguments aren't going to sway her.

As others have said, you can get the kid vaccinated on your own authority.

This is going to become an issue when it's time to send your child to school, and have to provide a vax record or try to get an exception.
You have full right to take your children to medical appointments and get them vaccinated.  


Right now you're married and both have equal say in your child's care. That also means there is absolutely nothing preventing you from taking your child to a doctor and having her vaccinated. 

That might mean you wind up with a divorce. It also means your child won't, you know, die of measles. 
One point that has not been covered is that Florida has digitized shot records, and if you get your child vaccinated those shot records will be available state wide.  Vaccinations are mandatory for school here (barring a religious or medical waiver) and schools will check the digital shot record database (and *only* the digital shot record database, as I found out when I moved here with a sealed copy of my children's vaccination records.)  So it is quite possible that, even if you avoid any other trace of the vaccines (paying in cash at a local pharmacy and hiding the band-aids?) that she will discover they were vaccinated when she registers the child for school.

&#x200B;

Also, while this isn't legal advice, I would consider different techniques in addressing your wife's anti-vax beliefs.  There is a method of conversation/debate that has gained popularity in atheist circles called "Street Epistemology" that is useful for discussing other beliefs as well, not just religious.  It has the advantage of not being adversarial, while still getting a person to re-examine their beliefs (or more specifically, their reasons for holding them.)  You can find plenty of youtube videos on the method, and there is a subreddit as well.  Good luck!
>Is there anyway I can sneakily just bring my child to the doctor and have her vaccinated without my wife’s knowledge

Yes.  Just go and do it.
Just go get it done and don't say anything. My city just reported a measles outbreak. If she finds out she may be pissed but that's better than having a dead kid. 
Get the shots without permission. Don't tell her. The kids will live even if this marriage doesn't at least.
Go ahead and get them vaccinated when she’s not home. 
If your married you have equal say in the child's health. There is nothing to prevent you from scheduling an appointment and taking your child to get a shot. Doctor will do it no problems since you are a guardian of the child. He doesn't need both parents present and consenting to administer medical care. Any complaint the mother has is between you and her, not between you and the doctor.
If she refuses once again, I would take your child to get vaccinated anyways. Would you rather risk a divorce or your child's life? 
Be sure to keep track of vaccinations (scan and upload the receipts/paperwork somewhere, etc) because they may become medically relevant in the future. One of the best things my parents handed down to me was a complete vaccination history that started when I was 6 months old, 40 years later it greatly reduced the number of vaccinations I had to get when working at a medical center. 
If I remember correctly, unless there's a custody agreement then you as a parent are able to take kid to your doctor for any reason even to vaccinate
You can take the baby to your local health department & get their vax
You absolutely have the right to get your child vaccinated, and have a moral responsibility to do so before they die of smallpox in the year 2019. 
[removed]
Yeah your the parent to you should be able to just take your child yourself. It should not be a legal issue
Maybe you should do it. As in, drive your kid to the doctor, and ask for vaccinations. Problem solved
[removed]
Locked for excessive off-topic commenting. Reminder, this sub is for legal advice, and not for advice about how to convince OP's spouse not to be an idiot. 
[removed]
[removed]
[removed]
[removed]
[removed]


She was ordered by a judge to do something. Not only did she not do it, but she forged medical documents and lied in the process of not doing it. 

Beyond any other issue that she could get in trouble for (neglect, child safety issues, CPS issues), this is  unambiguously problematic. If you have a copy of the initial court order (you could probably request one if you don’t have it), that should be one of the first things you bring up with an attorney. 
Hire a lawyer, take her back to court and ask the judge to hold her in contempt. 

Then you use the evidence of neglect (this *is* evidence of medical neglect) to request more custody and 100% medical decisions. 
I am not a lawyer. However, one detail stuck out to me:

> When this happened I decided I wanted to move my girl into a private school that has a program for immune compromised children and offered to pay 100% of tuition. The only problem (for her at least) is that this school requires students to be fully vaccinated, up to their medically allowed limit in my daughters case.

**Your ex's decision didn't only endanger your daughter's life. She endangered ALL the children there.** There's a non-zero chance that some of the children there are now infected with chicken pox as well, and depending on their own health, chances are it's even worse for them than your daughter. As you pointed out, your daughter is already hospitalized. *This may directly kill someone.*

My question for the actual lawyers here: **Can the school take action against the ex? What about the other parents at the school?** I feel like they have a VERY strong case, especially if (and I *really* hope this doesn't happen) someone dies because of the ex's malicious actions. At the very least, it would help the case to get the ex's custody removed.
She just proved that she’s a danger to your daughter. Definitely get a lawyer. She defied the judge’s order and put your little girl at risk. She should not be allowed to make anymore medical decisions for your daughter. 
Don’t forget the danger your ex put other children in as well. Your daughter attends a program for immunocompromised children and has now exposed them to chicken pox. NAL but there’s possibly repercussions for that as well. 
[removed]
You ex defied a court order to vaccinate. She is in for a world of hurt. Get a lawyer. They will be able to explain your options more precisely.
Get a lawyer. You don’t want to do this by yourself and risk making an error that will cause more difficulties in the long run. When bringing this back to court there are certain procedural and evidentiary rules that will dictate how and when you can show the court your evidence.

Personally, I’d file a motion for contempt, ask that your ex be required to pay all medical expenses related to the chicken pox that aren’t covered by insurance, and that you be granted full authority to make medical decisions. Your ex has already proven that she will directly violate a court order when it comes to medical decisions.
Does the forgery have your doctor's "signature" on it? If your ok with it, talk to them and ask them to ~~press charges~~ file a police report.
Hire an attorney.

&#x200B;

Three things immediately come to mind:

* Contempt of court - Not following a court order 
* Child endangerment/neglect - given your daughter's condition not vaccinating her could potentially be considered placing the child at risk to serious injury or death. 
* Forgery - The medical records/documents given to you are not authentic and were produced to mislead not only you, but also the Court/Judge. I'd put good money on the table that the Judge is not going to look kindly on this and is going to throw the book at your ex. 

&#x200B;

Hope you daughter pulls through. 
[deleted]
Forget about suffering. Put that nonsense out of your head. Making your ex suffer will not make your daughter healthy. Get a lawyer, go to court. Get a copy of the court order demanding that your daughter be vaccinated, and get a witness statement from the doctor whose signature she forged indicating that your daughter had not been vaccinated. Your ex is now guilty of forgery, and violating a court order. At this point, the result pretty much writes itself. And both of those things to any judge in the country oh, and guess what happens.
If you take her back to court with all of this she will face serious consequences for forgery and not following the court order. I’m really hoping this means you will get full custody of your daughter and you can take care of her how ever you see fit! I hope this all works out for you and your daughter and your ex has to stay as far away as humanly possible!
Hired a lawyer NOW! Keep a record of everything. 

Get a letter from the Doctor confirming they did not administer the vaccinations.

Just off the top, she is in contempt of a court order, committed fraud, and now neglect. 

It may also be worth contacting child protective services (maybe get legal advice on this first).

This is infuriating... not only has this woman put your daughter at risk, but an entire group of immunocompromised children. 
[removed]
The comments I read all dealt with getting a lawyer to deal with your batshit crazy ex. This is good advice. But make sure you also report your ex to whatever doctor she faked documents from. The doctor won't take kindly to your ex faking documents with their name because it puts their practice on the line. She'll be dealing with a second lawsuit just from them
I think you should go back to the judge who ordered that and show proof it didn’t happen, and ask for custody. She violated a court order and she’ll have to pay for that, one way or another. 
She forged legitimate legal documents after disobeying what the court ordered to do.

Take her to court and have her held in contempt and sue for full custody and absolutely all medical decisions. Then maybe, MAYBE, give her some visitation rights. 
I am not a lawyer, but I worked for Texas CPS for 9 years.  I don’t think you need to involve CPS at this time because you are a protective parent, but what I would do is think about talking to the police.  In Texas, not providing medical care to a child that needs it can be considered criminal.   I would not just go to any police department though and bring this up.  In your city, there is probably a Children’s Advocacy Center, and there are trained law enforcement that deal with child abuse housed there (probably, every city does it differently).  I would see if you could talk to a detective at the Children’s Advocacy Center or in the specific unit that deals with child abuse, about what happened and see what they think.  They may tell you that this is not a criminal matter but based on what you said – this person had a clear intent and lied.  You have a doctor stating that they did not give your child immunizations, your child is very sick, and it is a result of the parent lying.  Sounds to me like child endangerment.  Also, it is very important that you get your custody order changed because you have to honor your custody agreement until it is changed.   At some point, not filing for a change in the custody agreement could be seen as not being a protective parent.  I don’t know about in Colorado, but in Texas CPS cannot do much if there is a protective parent.  CPS can only change court orders if both parents are not protective and the child is unsafe in either home.
This is medical neglect.  No way around this.  She violated a court order.  Then she committed fraud and put her daughter at risk, and by the way - she put her daughter’s classmates at risk, too.  
I'm assuming you already have a lawyer from the case where you got that order to vaccinate.  Go back to that lawyer with this information and tell him that you want full custody immediately.  If he can file your case with the same judge, you have an excellent chance.  If there's one thing a judge hates more than people who ignore his orders, it's people who actively forge documents in order to ignore his orders.  Particularly if ignoring his orders causes harm to a child.

Also, take the advice of /u/Overlord1317 here.  You can probably end up with custody and a good chunk of your ex's money to use for your daughter's recovery and future medical bills.

Finally, once you have the emergency custody order, make **sure** the hospital knows about it, and that your ex is **not** to take your daughter under any circumstances.
Call your attorney and have them file contempt of court and emergency custody. No matter how the physical custody schedule comes out in the end push for legal custody so that you can make the medical decision (she disobeyed the judge and it ended in a hospital visit so this shouldn't be hard to get). Finally, no matter what happens, no matter how (rightfully) pissed you are, please approach this and every thing concerning your child with the intention of best interest of the child even , no especially, when that doesn't align with *to make my ex suffer.* (somethings, like emergency custody will accomplish both, which is great, but so many people gets those priorities switched and the child suffers too)      
IANAL, but there is also the issue of exposing a school full of immune compromised student to chicken pox by virtue of a falsified medical record. You may want to contact a lawyer about defending yourself against potential liability from the school/other parents.
IANAL however this sounds like you could come at this in a few different directions.

1) you can take the evidence back to court and have the judge hold her in contempt for violating a court order
2) take her to court for the neglect of your child and get full custody of your child
3) give all the relevant evidence to the doctors office, so they can pursue legal action of forged documents in a health related field
4) take your ex to court to cover 100% of the medical costs of your childs stay in the hospital for chicken pox as this was directly related to the lack of vaccinations, which falls on your ex per the court order. At the very least have this stay billed to your ex’s insurance.
5) maybe also get a TRO on your ex due to child neglect and safety concerns. This could also effect her visitation rights im pretty sure. 
She committed forgery and negligence.
Go to your lawyer. Now. Immediately. This information could be grounds for her to lose primary custody if not more. This is an emergency issue and needs to be handled appropriately. 
Dont tell your daughter to keep secrets. This is exactly how to not handle it. Get a lawyer. Apply for an emergency custody and just stop putting your daughter in the middle.
Locked. This has hit /r/all and OP has received proper responses. 
At the very least you can 100% prove contempt of court and fraud, I can’t speak for certain about familial court
Court is going to be the only way to get through this. You need to make sure you have full legal custody to make all medical decisions going forward.
Your ex forged a doctor's records. I think that's a felony.
Time to go to court. It’s possible of child endangerment,  negligence, fraud, falsifying documents and it could very well end up in a custody battle that would either be full custody or supervised. You got an incredible case and a lawyer could easily help you. She could face not only fines but jail time. I’m sorry for the heartache and pain this has caused you OP.  You’re daughter I’m sure loves her mom but she might not see her again. Despite your outlook with best interests which of course is your child’s wellbeing/safety. Your daughter might not understand this now, but later in life she’ll know her mom was a whack job. Take care and yes I don’t know much about the actual stuff to be brought to court.  Though it’s pretty obvious this is more than enough to probably sue, take custody and even lock her crazy ass up. 
Sound like you got grounds to have full custody of the child now. Talk to a lawyer and find out if this qualifies as child endangerment and have primary custody assigned to you. Especially in all medical decisions regarding the child.
[removed]
The judge's decision is final and firm. She directly disobeyed and ignored that order in a court of law.She can be held in contempt of court for that,you can definitely get her in a real spot of legal bother. Those fake forms and the word of the doctor make this a very simple open and close case. Doctor comments on it, evidence of negligence and straight up faking the medical forms should make this a simple case to win. Good luck OP!
Call a lawyer NOW.

As a 16 year old the family court system will take into consideration where you want to live. Your father will need to file for a hearing to request a modification.
Call cps and tell them that you are concerned about your safety and that of your siblings.
>Can I just run away and if my parents harbor me can they get in trouble. 

Running away won't solve your problems or help out your siblings.  

Call CPS while you're at your friends house and express your concerns.  Make sure to give them your father's contact information so they can verify that he did indeed give permission for you to leave.  If your father isn't okay with this, he'll have to file in family court.
Call child protective services.
[deleted]
[deleted]
NAL but please consider your siblings as well. Definitely call CPS and having your father petition for custody is likely the easiest out for you. Your siblings, however, may need your help to get out down the line so if there’s a way to keep in contact with them, please do so. If you’re already in school, a guidance counselor may be able to help as well, but getting your father involved should be paramount. Consider contacting other relatives on his side to let him know about the urgency of this matter.
[deleted]
So sorry you are dealing with this.

1. Call your dad. 99.9% he did NOT agree to this and they cut off your communication media for a reason.
2. Your friend can get in trouble for hiding you if your parents report you as a runaway. OTOH they may not want to interact with police right now.
3. If you go home, you're likely not going to be allowed to leave again.  So there's that to consider. Can you get on a bus to your dad's place? 
4. If you have any money in the bank your parents wil have access to it; consider withdrawing it.
5. Call CPS for the sake of your siblings if not yourself. However they can move slow and your family may be planning to just vanish before CPS can help.
6. You may have to consider emancipation. 
7. You are right to think this is an emergency. Once those cults have you, you're a prisoner.
Call CPS! It's unlikely your father consented to this, and hopefully he can take you in and get primary custody of you. Is he also the the father of your siblings?

The cult thing is tricky because your mom does have the right to follow the religion of her choice and live where she wants. Even if it's a weird brainwashing cult. But she also has to make sure her kids are safe, taken care of, and given a proper education. Hopefully your dad can take in all of you guys. Worst case, if he's not your siblings' dad, if he takes you in and you can keep in touch with your siblings, you can help them get out later.
Call CPS but if you are worried for the safety of your siblings and the possibility of your parents vanishing. Urge them to contact police. Tell them how urgent the situation is and how you worry for everyones safety. These cult like groups are nuts and can basically cut you off from the world.
I know this has been said repeatedly, but I feel that it can't be said often enough so I will say it too: Call CPS and get in contact with your dad! The only way you will be able to get out of this situation is by making adults responsible enough to make better decisions than your mom and stepdad aware of your situation.
If you can,  write a letter describing your situation.  Cut and paste what you just wrote here and put it into paper form. Sign your signature and date it.  Give that to your friends parents, email that to your dad,  the school counselor at your school.  Grandparents?  Perhaps even ask for a small loan from your friends parents ( your dad can pay them back), buy prepaid cell phone, get a bus ticket and go to your dad's temporarily.  Getting away will create a big stink and someone should notice.
Is it Re-evaluation Counseling (usually called RC)? This group is based in Seattle but has branches in many other locations. They are...troubling, but not in my estimation *dangerous*. Of course, that can change, and varies by location with a cult that doesn't keep much oversight over its branches and affiliates.

Regardless of which cult, you are only 16 and you don't have a lot of power at this time, unfortunately. In addition to the other advice given here, which is mostly very good--calling CPS, reaching out to your dad, etc--memorize your dad's address and phone number, and that of your friends, if you haven't already. At a friend's house, start an email account your parents don't know about, and give that address to your friends so you can contact them and they can contact you. Maybe even give your friends the login info so that they can check it. It will be hard to get strangers to let you use their phone to check an email account, but easy to get them to send an email to a shared email account that says "I saw OP on Thursday in Washington and they were fine" or whatever. Arrange with your friends (and their parents) that if you call collect (like from a payphone or a landline) they'll pick up and assume the charges (this is why you memorize phone numbers).

But most of all **you need to find out where your mother is taking you** so that you can inform friends and your father. Do your absolute best. Buy stamps before you leave and hide them so that you can at least write to your friends when you get there and someone will know. If you think this is doable, a simple burner phone that's pre-pay could end up being really useful, but you need to figure out where/how to hide it securely before you consider getting one. If your dad is a safe person to tell about this, he could even load money on the plan so you can text or call when it's safe.  (I'm assuming for the sake of argument here that anything you say to your dad will be passed on to your mum--if that's not the case, you have a lot more options in your safety plan, but remember that your safety is paramount.)

The best possible outcome here is that you get out before your mother and stepfather can move you. The second best is that you are unable to get away, but you are able to discover the location you're being taken to, communicate it to others, and make an escape plan, hopefully involving your father getting custody of you.

This may end up not being a big deal--you may not be isolated in a compound, you may be able to have contact with outsiders, heck, your dad may be able to get an emergency custody order--but just in case it is, you need two things: a safety plan (people who know where you are, the ability to communicate with them, and your mum and stepdad not knowing about any of this) and an escape plan to get away either as soon as is feasible or, if the absolute worst happens and you are in danger, before your safety is compromised. If you have the chance to get out, do not hesitate to go. Your siblings are a concern, but you have to get free yourself before you will be in a position to help them. Also, given how these things work, probably don't trust your siblings with your safety plan and definitely not with your escape plan.

ETA: I know I'm a little intense about this stuff, but I was raised in a cult and left at 17.
Is your stepfather the father of any of your four siblings or are they all children of your father?
Can you call your grandparents, and have them get in touch with your father? If he has shared custody, then absolutely he can challenge taking you and the other kids to a new location.
NAL, and this is just a thought, but you might want to install a GPS tracker app on your phone and share the data with your dad. That way if your parents attempt to forcibly take you to the cult somehow your dad will be able to track you by your phone. You’ll also want to find a way to hide your phone on you.

Also, provide your dad and your friends parents with info about your parents car - make, model, year, color, license plate. If anything crazy happens and you’re taken against your will that information will be useful in any reports
NAL. For your younger siblings:
Contact close relatives from both sides (your mom’s and stepdad’s) and alert them about this situation. Have them to call CPS as well. CPS/Court might move faster if they know that there’s relative who are willing to take them in. Unfortunately, your younger siblings have low chance of getting out if you guys don’t have relatives that can take them in since court rather to give kids back to their parents instead of sending them to foster care (especially when there’s no solid evidence of cult’s existence).  Make sure to set up communication system with your younger siblings and teach them how to use it in case they can’t get out. Like someone mentioned earlier, get stamps and give them to your siblings (make sure to have them to hide it well) so they can write to you if they can’t use phone.
Good luck!
Last thing... Save all the evidence you have.. Even this reddit thread could be used to show some things such as you really don't want to be involved... Where your feelings lie.. Your mom is crazy... This would need to be proven in court, but depending on the age of your siblings you may get testimony from them.. But also to show that you are a rational agent and deserve to testify.
Also please talk to your school counselors about this on top of the other advice you have received. They are mandated reporters for child abuse and it could be helpful to have someone you may know involved in this. There is also a good chance that your mom may have blocked your dad's number through your cell phone carrier, try using another phone to contact him, I'm sure that he either doesn't know, or he was lied to about what's going on.
Honestly I would look into having your dad get full custody I would stay at your friend's house and I would bring your sister along and I would also file a police report.
Pretty much what everyone else is saying.  Stay at your friends house, and get ahold of CPS at the very least.  Call the cops if your parents show up and try taking you away.  This is sketchy as fuck lol.  You're in definitely right to try and get out of this, and try and get the rest of your family out.  If your parents are loons and want to join a cult you probably cant stop them, but I would definitely get DCS out there and explain your concerns and hopefully your -hopefully sane- father will take you guys in, and I believe he can get child support for this and such as well.  Gonna still be rough going through all this, from the sounds of it, again.  But, still better than joining a cult, which can destroy people or get you killed.

Edit:  I would also tell your friends parents about all this as they can help you through this alot more, and should your parents try to come and grab you, they can atleast keep working on getting you out
Send email/facebook messages to your Dad or any relatives or friends on his side. If no one is picking up the phone, then at least get documentation in writing. Document what's happening in as much detail as possible, and list all of your concerns, and send this to people so there is a record of it that cannot be deleted. If there's any other relatives on Dad's side of the family, try and contact them through any means possible. This sounds like a very alarming and potentially dangerous situation! Other people in your family should be informed of what's happening, so that they know where you're all disappearing to, at the very least.
Locked due to excessive off topic posting.

Contact your local or state bar association.  You're not the first person to have this sort of thing happen, and they will have resources to help you get legal representation, and also help with other financial matters.

Also, if you have bills coming due, would be worth talking to creditors to let them know what's going on.  If your husband is on those bills too, his credit will also take a hit from not paying.  Within that framework, it would be in his best interests not to leave you high and dry.
See if your state has legalaid. I work in an office that handles family law and your ex just fucked himself over soooo hard. Judges look very harshly on this kind of behavior especially when children are involved. 
Contact your local bar association. Go talk to a local attorney. 

They can tell your if they are able to include attorney fees in the divorce so that your husband pays their fees
Generally due to Wisconsin being a no fault divorce state, any marital property including joint bank accounts and anything acquired during the marrisge are split equally unless you both agree to a different arrangement. This means you should have a claim to a portion of the money he removed from accounts regardless that its. O longer in the account. 
You will retain a lawyer who will file for temporary support orders which will include mortgage, bills, living expenses and your attorney fees.
The good news is, this is going to come back to haunt him, and probably before the divorce is final.

You can absolutely file for emergency child support and access to the marital funds.  But you do need an attorney for that.  

Reach out to family and friends, whoever you can, and find as much as you can to retain an attorney to get those temporary orders started.  
Not a lawyer, but my son went through this. Just to clarify, what he did was a HUGE problem for him.  When another poster said it will come back to haunt him, it's because it is very illegal to move /hide marital assets prior to divorce in order to keep them from the other party.  When you get into court this is potentially going to prejudice the judge against him.

Going forward keep all your communication with him via text or email. From what I was able to find, Wisconsin is a one party consent state so you can record phone calls without telling him. Get yourself an app to do this and test it before you need it. Also get a voice recorder app, clear your phones memory card and be prepared to record any time you even think somethings going to happen.

For yourself, it looks like this is  going to be ugly. It's going to be awful and hard. Take a deep breath, get your support network in place and make very sure when you text him you stay calm. Imagine the text being read in court. Imagine the recording being played in front of a judge.

You will get through this. Get a lawyer and do what that lawyer tells you. 
If the mortgage is in his name, you'll want to contact the bank or have your attorney do that ASAP so he doesn't do something that causes them to go after the house immediately.
He made a big mistake emptying your bank account. Judge won’t look favorably on him for doing that. 
I apologize this isn’t legal advice exactly, but your local DHS may be able to help you find temporary resources to support you and your LO.


I’ve been fairly low income most of my adult life, and spent a fair amount of time on SNAP benefits. There is another program, TANF, which provides temporary financial assistance to families. Your local DHS office can help you apply for both if you feel the need. Also, you might call your local city offices, as they may be able to help you locate money to pay electric and/or gas bills.

I’m sorry again that this isn’t advice on the divorce, but if you don’t have a support network in place, these things may help so you can focus on getting your affairs in order.
Law schools sometimes have clinics for students to learn skills.  They’re supervised by professors, so clients get real representation, but it’s often free.  Try your closest law school.
Wisconsin is a marital property state. He didn't own all the money in the accounts and that will be a big problem for him going forward.
You dont need a lawyer to file for child support in wisconsin. Go apply for all benefits you can, food stamps, child care assistance. I believe you wont have to pay the filing fee if you receive assistance. Also if you do get benefits, its a requirement to file for child support. Look into Judicare (legal help). Not sure if that is still a thing. But I used it years ago. Good luck!
I’m not a lawyer but I am a social worker. There are some sliding scale programs and volunteer free lawyer programs in my area. However I’m on the other side of the country and don’t know which town you’re in. Could you google around nearby for some local resource numbers (for instance we have a three digest dial that directs you to an operator who will direct you to certain resources)? 

Good luck, I’m sorry this is happening! 
> I understand it's all "his" money 

No, that was "OUR" money, not his or yours.  Joint account and married, that was not just his money to take
Many local bar associations hold family law “clinics” for free. Most state bar associations have a hotline to call for referrals and you can usually get a free consultation from an attorney by using the state bar referral. Perhaps a free consultation will lead to an attorney filing the emergency motion for access to marital funds free of charge or free up front. Finally, try your local Legal Aid. They provide free or low cost representation for individuals who qualify based on income. 
Wisconsin is a 50/50 state when it comes to marriage.  By law, that money is half yours. 
[removed]
Is there a law school near where you live? Sometimes law schools have free or reduced fee clinics to help students get experience and help the community. Worth a shot! 
[removed]
Call a domestic violence hotline. They can connect you with legal.
>  I understand it's all "his" money

It's not.  It's both of yours.
Reminder: This sub is for legal advice only. Comments consisting of opinions and feelings will be removed.

Edit: And we're done. OP has gotten advice, and comments have gone wildly off topic. 
The r/legaladvice community would like to welcome our guests from r/all and/or r/popular. We are glad you are visiting. There are a few things you should know before you post here:

Let her take you to court. The vast majority of people who threaten to sue rarely file. And if she does file you have proof (IN WRITING) that you offered and she refused the ashes. She essentially hasn't a leg to stand on.

Hiring an attorney to represent you for a day would probably be cheaper then paying her off. Plus you get the added benefit of hearing the judge tell her that she's a moron in the most polite legal way. 

If she actually serves you, hire an attorney and respond. And from now on keep communication in writing ONLY. If she attempts to call you don't answer and absolutely do NOT call her.
[removed]
I am a lawyer in MA, but not your lawyer. Your ex does not have a valid cause of action. I would ignore this unless and until you receive service of process of an actual court case (as opposed to a demand letter from your ex or her attorney). The only money you should throw at this is to a lawyer to obtain a dismissal, if a case is actually filed.
Don’t give her any money. It doesn’t seem like she has a leg to stand on. From what you said, you offered her ashes in writing, right? If that’s the case, back up those emails, print out copies, save them in multiple places. And then all you have to really do is sit back and wait to be served. If that happens, get a lawyer, give them the emails, and wait for your ex to be shut down.
Define notice? Were you served or did she just send a letter. If you are served you need to show up but baring that ignore her.
Absolutely don't throw money at her, retain an attorney to defend you in court. Stand up for yourself man! You're an incredibly caring individual but its time for some self care. If she contacts you again pass along your lawyers info and be done with her forever.
I'm so sorry for your loss, and for your ex's behavior through all of this. She's making this so much harder, and I hope she drops this suite.

She can sue for whatever she likes, but she's not likely to be successful. Talk to a lawyer and keep copies of all the email chains between you. Be prepared to countersue for legal fees.

I wish you and your family the best.
Take care of yourself.  Feel free to ignore anything I say as well!
 
That said, I would suggest not giving any money. Many people threaten to sue hoping to get maximum benefit for minimum effort, but most don't go through with it. If you give money/gifts, what's to stop her from asking for more? At the very least, do not give anything without getting a signed, ideally notarized statement releasing you from any further claims.

This group is supposed to stick to legal advice, but I am sorry for your loss.
Throwing money at this person could cause even more pain in the long run. Once she realizes she can extort you in this way, what other scenarios might she conjure to rob you of more time, money, and healing? Don't be lead down this slippery slope with her. This is predatory behavior.

Unless you receive an actual summons, don't respond. You're not obligated to respond unless ordered to by law. More than likely, this will be enough to fend her off, but if she does go through with a suit, reach out to an attorney. Your exchanges with her likely enough for her to lose the case and you may even be able to petition for your own court and attorney costs in that case.

I know it's not something you want to deal with, so maybe reach out to a trusted friend to help out with the logistics, should it come to that. Someone who can help you find good legal representation and manage what you're not up for.

I'm so sorry for you loss, and for having this added onto it.
It sounds like you have all the supporting documentation you need.  Print up those emails and/or bundle them into a neat little PDF file. Contact an attorney, and cease contact with her altogether. Hate to tell you to spend any money, but putting it towards your lawyer will probably be best for your peace of mind. 

Be assured, you are not in the wrong here based on what you've laid out, and I wouldn't take her case...  (IANAL/Not Legal Advice)
[removed]
If you have been served, ***get a lawyer***. Do not represent yourself, and do not go armed only with the advice of yokels on the internet.

That said, here is my yokelian advice.

Go ahead and print all of the email correspondence for evidence, in addition to any written proof of her giving up your daughter in the first place. 

The more paperwork you have, the more the Judge will tend to like you.
As is the norm in this sub: 

Cut off all communication. Do not send any emails, or reply to any. Do not reach out to her, block her on all forms of media. Only communicate via lawyer. 

Did you receive a summons, or just her saying "I'm going to sue you?" If you were subpoena'd, retain a lawyer ASAP. Do not go to court without one. But since courts are shut down due to COVID-19, I'm betting it's just a scary letter and not an actual summons, trying to get you to give her money. Do not give her any money.

Most importantly, retain ALL emails you've sent to her. Any texts, emails, Facebook messages, anything. Take screenshots, save them to your PC, the cloud, and on a separate hard drive and/or thumb drive, preferably at a separate location. You'll need proof that you made the offer and that she rejected said offers. 

Also look into seeing if you can get her to pay your legal fees for this frivolous lawsuit. "I'm suing you because you won't give me my dead child's that I never cared about ashes" is terrible, especially because she rejected your very kind offer to begin with. 

I'm very sorry to hear this.
I am not a MA attorney and do not know MA law. In many jurisdictions, however, claims for emotional distress MUST be accompanies by some sort of physical injury. For example, you hit me with your car, causing me-among other issues-to have PTSD around cars (making this all up, I know nothing about PTSD so my apologies if that is wrong). I sue and claim in additional to negligence and/or battery, intentional infliction of emotional distress.

Absent that, she doesn't have a claim. She would also have to have damages.

Have you actually been served? You say you "received notice" but that is a little vague. If you have been served with an actual complaint, you need to retain a lawyer. Please please please consult with a MA-licensed attorney before making any decision, even if it is just to settle.
IANAL, I am a notary. I am deeply sorry for your loss, and am sorry that your ex has decided to rub salt into your emotional wounds.

Do you have homeowners/renters/umbrella insurance? If so, you may have coverage for this "lawsuit". Talk to your insurance agent/company and find out. They don't typically handle family law, but they might have some perspective for you, and this action may come within the scope of your policy.

The letter was notarized, which means it was signed in the presence of a notary. There are several types of notarial acts, this most likely is the witness of a signature. What your ex has done is to swear, under pain of perjury, that the document is truthful. You have evidence that she was offered, and declined, some of the cremains, and that she was kept apprised of her daughter's condition at every step. Effectively, your ex has made a false statement before a notary, which is perjury. If you provide all of this information to an attorney, s/he may well be able to send a sufficiently stern "cease and desist" letter that sends your ex scurrying back under her rock.

Keep all of the e-mails and any correspondence. It is important to keep the e-mails in digital format, as a forensic analyst can review the metadata to verify the actual dates correspondence was sent, should your ex be foolish enough to pursue this ludicrous action.
NAL, that being said, I want to clarify something.  "Assumed full custody" and granted full custody by a court are not the same thing.  I'm going to base my reply under the assumption that you were legally granted full custody.  I'm a former CPS worker in another state, that being said, there is some commonality of law for expedience and fairness that is generally universal.

1) When a parent is granted full custody, that doesn't mean the other parents rights are modified.  "Sole custody" typically means one parent is legally removed (along with their rights to the child) from the child's life\*\*.  If this is true and you have sole, full custody, then the child's biological mother has no legal rights to anything pertaining to this child, even in death.  If you have a court order that says you are the child's only guardian, that's your golden ticket and no legal action will go further than you presenting that during a discovery phase, assuming she can find an attorney to take this at all.

2) You have some type of written evidence that you offered the mother some of the child's ashes.  Based on my previous point, you are under no legal obligation to offer this woman anything.

3) The fact that biological mother read it and changed her mind a month later doesn't change your legal duty to her.  Even if you're trying to give notice to another party (which you weren't obligated to do) any method that is believed to reasonably give notice is appropriate.  The fact that she replied to your email is proof that she read what you sent her and the nature of her reply says that she understood what you were asking her.

For the sake of argument, let's assume that mother's legal rights to the child weren't modified other than allowing you to be the custodial parent.  Mother was notified about the child's remains and stated she didn't want them and you did with them as you saw fit.  Did the child herself make any statements as to what she wanted done with her ashes?  Even if she did, as a minor, you would have final say.  


A lawyer is in the business of taking cases they can win.  Let her pay an attorney and let them turn her down.  Don't throw money at this, it'll set a bad precedent going forward.  

\*\* Unless you're a tribal family and covered by ICWA.  Some tribes do not recognize the ability of a court to remove the right of a parent and believe that the parent's right exists forever due to the fact of them being related by blood.
Cut all contact with her and consult with your attorney ASAP.  When you do, bring a copy of every single email you had with her and show them to your attorney, especially the one where she denies your offer for the cremains.

It sounds to me like the mother really wanted nothing to do with you or your daughter and is trying to get a quick buck out of you.  If you can show your daughter's communications (or lack thereof) with the mother, you can probably kill her claim in the courtroom or in negotiations. That's strategy for you and your attorney to go over however, just make sure he has all of those necessary communications.

And I know you're tired, but please don't settle. Don't reward this disgusting behavior. Good luck
Standard disclaimer: I am not your lawyer and not licensed in your state. 

Don’t do ANYTHING until she actually files a lawsuit. If she does file or you get a threat from an attorney, do the following: 

1. Independently look up the lawyer/firm and find out if they are legit.  
2. If legit and it is just a letter, send a copy of the emails and texts to the lawyer stating that there is no case. Make sure you send to the verified address, not what is on the letter. 
3. If you hear back or a suit is filed, then lawyer up. 

The safest bet and the least hassle for you is to go straight to lawyer up; but if you want to save your money, you should be able to end all this yourself. Lawyer can personally be sanctioned by the courts for filing frivolous, and unless there are loads of missing or incorrect facts here this would be a frivolous case. 

Don’t give her any money at all until a judge orders it. Don’t communicate with her at all.
If the notice of the suit you received wasn't in the form of an officer of the court coming to serve you but rather notice from her, I would bet she's trying to trick you into paying her now when court is shut down for the pandemic so that you have no one you can call to confirm because court offices are shut down. That's pretty low down and nasty.

If you are seriously considering throwing money at this to make it go away, throw that money at an attorney. This is emotional extortion and if you give her money now, she'll just hound you to the end of time for more, more, more. 

Given you have proof you did in fact offer and she refused, provide that to the attorney and let them handle it. In the unlikely event she has actually hired an attorney and filed suit, with such blatant proof it is highly likely they can simply get the other attorney to drop the case. 

Your money will be much better spent going toward ensuring you never hear from her again. Any attorney is worth his salts he will also get you a cease and desist and a do not contact order for extortion such as this.
> I'm angry, I'm tired, and I'm frustrated. Realistically, I don't even  have the emotional energy to fight it and I'm seriously considering  throwing some money at it and hoping it goes away. Is that the best  solution? 

&#x200B;

She knows and is attempting to exploit that for money. Unless you receive an actual summons don't take action. Also cease all contact with her immediately. It's highly likely that she is down on money due to the lockdown and is trying to make a quick buck.
All she wants is money. All of the email evidence, along with the fact that she was never really there would be a huge strike against her in court. I say, get a lawyer and let her talk to them.
[removed]
The best thing you did here was communicate through email. Get yourself a lawyer. I honestly believe she has no ground to stand on. You gave her plenty of opportunities to receive she daughters ashes. It's not your fault that she realized that she cared for her daughter too late. You did everything right. Dont let her do this to you. :(
First of all, my sincere condolences — just so tragic.

As for your ex— dreadful and disgusting.

Do not throw money — there is a chance she would keep coming back for more.  If you are going to throw money toss it to a lawyer.

The ex told you to do what you wanted — and you did — whether it was scattering them in a special place, entombment — your choice.

Keep all of the emails.  Speak to a lawyer and ask about statutes about frivolous lawsuits in your jurisdiction.
If you give her any money, you \*may\* be admitting fault in the eyes of the law. Which could open you up to further damages.

It might have the exact opposite intended effect. Rather than "going away", it may turn this into a chronic issue she uses to extract $ and time and energy from you.

Listen to everyone else in the thread - stop responding to her. Save every text, screenshotted. Give her zero emotional energy or thought - assume she will either go away, OR you will retain a lawyer who will countersue for legal costs and win. Either way, assume that a lawyer will mostly take care of this for you, and that it will actually be the least emotionally burdensome option, IF it becomes necessary.
Do not reply to her anymore, period. No matter what she says; you don't want to give her anything to use against you. (Sidenote: you owe this woman nothing, not even your words. She gave up her rights, and you gave her AMPLE opportunity to get some ashes, among other things, and she said no. This isn't something you can change your mind about a month or two later.)

If she gets a lawyer, then throw serious money at a lawyer of your own. Let your lawyer fight and communicate for you. Again, cease all communication between you and ex. Back up your emails on a cloud drive. Screenshot them. Send copies to your current wife, too. Show them to your lawyer if it even gets to that point. They are key pieces of evidence.

Your ex may be trying to extort money out of you. It's odd for her to care now, after all this time. Please do not become her victim and let a lawyer protect you!
NAL but make sure you keep a physical record of all contact between you guys, especially where she denies your offer to send her a portion of the ashes. Seems like she may have read the letter/email from E and felt guilty. 

You shouldn’t settle because you have no reason to. Consult a lawyer and funnel all communication with them. And GL with everything, I’m sure your daughter is very proud of you.
Was the notice signed by an attorney? A Psychiatrist? If not then don't pay anything, it's a weak attempt at a shakedown (unless the demand is so low that you end up paying more to consult with an attorney or paying filing fees in your state). She is not entitled to damages just because she states she suffered emotions, she needs to show something more, something that she actually suffered damages (paying psychiatrist, taking medication). Even if she has something in regards to thst she has to show you caused it. By stating she didn't want the ashes in writing, she essentially waived/relinquished any (if at all) rights she had. The cause for her emotional damage is her changing her mind which I believe you did not cause.

If the letter is signed by an attorney you should seek your own counsel, it's not worth the headache/stress (sorry for your loss). If it's simply signed by her then I'll leave it up to you but personally I would write back to state that you declined the ashes and the fact that you changed your mind when it was too late is not your fault.
NAL. Did she pay any child support? If not, countersue for the full amount of child support for the whole time you had custody of your daughter.

Note: this will or will not be successful depending on your state laws regarding back pay of unassigned child support.
Don’t give her money! Don’t get a lawyer until you know for sure she has one and is actually following through with legal action. Print all communicating emails as proof. I’m really sorry for your loss.
Get an attorney, hand them all of your correspondence, and the letter you received from your daughter's egg donor and let them handle it. Anyone can sue, winning is a whole nother thing. I'm not a judge but if I were I would look at bio as if she were the plague. What an awful person. IANAL, but seems to me she hasnt much of a case.
Does anyone here know if MA has an impact rule?
So sorry for your loss. Wait until you actually get a summons to appear in court, right now she is just trying to intimidate you. Additionally, her argument is that she was caused emotional distress by you not giving her any of the ashes, but you have email proof of her rejecting your offer. If you get a summon you can consult with a lawyer. Additionally feel free to call the law office she sent the letter from to see if it's legit or not, you can spoof your number if you want.
You notified her of everything that went on and offered her some of the ashes before you did anything else with them, so as long as you kept those messages and can show that communication if this actually goes to court she doesn't have a leg to stand on here. You don't need to do anything until you actually receive papers notifying you of a lawsuit that's been filed. What you've gotten so far is only a threat.  
 
If you want to throw money at anything throw it at a lawyer of your own to send her a sternly worded request to knock it off, because you owe her nothing. Let all communication going forward be through your lawyer, save yourself the heartache and stress. You've already been more than considerate of her feelings and needs surrounding this loss and there's no reason to pay her off just because what she's given up is finally hitting her and she's chosen to take that out on you.
[removed]
Retain an attorney as her lawsuit will go NO WHERE. Sad that you even have to hire an attorney but unfortunately that’s how the game works no matter how ridiculous the particular game is.
Dude, I'm so sorry for your loss and also, pay a lawyer to write her a letter in nasty legalese to tell her to kindly F off and never contact you again. She made it more than clear that she wanted nothing to do with your daughter and is only angling for money now. Don't give in. . .
[removed]
Retain and a lawyer and show them the proof that you offered her the remains and she refused. Back up all your conversations with her as evidence of your effort to give her something of your daughter, all correspondence, back it up. I am so terribly sorry for your loss and for what you are now having to deal with. Throwing money at her won't make her go away, and quite frankly, she doesn't deserve it.
[removed]
You should document everything just in case she does sue.  Cache all your communications that you had.  I dont think she will sue or even be able to find a reputable lawyer to file the suit.  In the unlikely event she does sue then hire a lawyer.
NAL, but do you still have the email where she refused the ashes?  If so that should be it.  You'll need a lawyer in any case.  Even if you settle, you'll still need a lawyer.  If you do it off the books, she can just come back at you again later, so seeing a lawyer is still the thing to do.    Her lawyer may even decide to nope out of there once she sees that email. In any case. let your own lawyer help you figure this out.
Get a lawyer and make sure you have a printed copy of all messages between you and her. I am so sorry for your lost
Start by seeing a lawyer for a consult and to write a response to the initial demand letter. Your best play is to send one forceful and final response that makes it clear that there is no legal path for her to receive any money from you. Have them include copies of all correspondence, as well as the initial parenting plan. Be ready to send copies of this letter to any lawyer she retains.
You have proof you offered her the ashes and she turned them down. This is no ones fault but hers. Hire a lawyer. She had no interest at all in her child before now.
[removed]
[removed]
I would hire an attorney and let them handle things. That way you can focus on healing.

Just say it in front of the court.
You're in Ontario, and does your "tenant" aka "ex" share bathroom and kitchen with you? Congrats, you *may* have just won the eviction lottery, gather your proof of residency, you'll need it now.

https://www.legalline.ca/legal-answers/do-tenants-have-rights-if-they-only-rent-a-room/

> For example, in most provinces, such as Ontario, Alberta and New Brunswick, tenants who rent a single or shared room have the same rights as most other residential tenants. However, if they share a kitchen or a bathroom with the ***owner*** (ding ding ding) or the owner’s immediate family members, *they are* ***excluded from the Residential Tenancies Act*** *and special rules apply.*

And.. Ready for this?

> In most cases, a tenant who shares a kitchen or bathroom with the ***owner*** (ding ding ding) or the owner’s family does not have a legal right to remain living on the premises without the owner’s consent, and can usually be evicted at any time ***without notice***.

Check the COVID19 restrictions, but law is on your side here, if everything is truly just in your name, and you are now effectively "renting a room" to this "tenant". She became a tenant when you broke up (technically before too I guess?). And you **are** the owner here, you win.

not a lawyer, just somewhat familiar with Ontario tenancy. 
Explore this deeper with a professional.
I own property in Ontario, had one of these situations well i was still living in a building with a “roommate” they ARE NOT a tenant as you would be sharing a kitchen and bathroom. They are classified as a roommate and only stand on the bases of your personal agreement/exchange of words. Even if you had made her sign anything it is all void. Call the cops have her removed immediately and do not let her back in. Site the other comments for the landlord tenant board about her being a roommate and not a tenant. If the cop refuses ask for their chief to show up asap. BE VERY CLEAR NOTHING WAS ABOUT THE RELATIONSHIP OR DOMESTIC ABUSE. Have your home ownership and insurance ready to provide proof. Its annoying but you will win every time just keep escalating until you do. IANAL but have read that board up and down before i started buying rentals
Have you considered getting some sort of smart lock or deadbolt with a key so that she can’t lock you out?
[removed]
I would honestly go straight to the station after work, or leave work early due to a break in, and file a report with all your documents proving you are the only legal resident and that someone who has been trespassed by you previously has been breaking and entering, barring you from your own home, and once you finally gained entry, has been violating quarantine by bringing in other people without your consent. If you use official phrasing and avoid the “gf” terminology, you can probably get some help getting her removed tonight.
You already received useful legal advice here, I just want to add that you should document any texts/emails between the two of you and also record conversations. I'm not sure what the laws on recording are in Toronto, so please look into the recording consent laws. I think it's good to have a record of your interactions in case she lies about what took place (e.g. accuses you of domestic abuse).
You should post this to r/legaladvicecanada to get legal advice that’s more tailored to Canadian law.
[removed]
If she locks you out tonight again, call the non emergency police line and explain to them that your ex girlfriend (who does not or has not payed any bills for the place ever) has locked you out of your apartment. After the police get there you might want to ask them if you’re able to press charges for trespassing on your property.
People can be evicted in this mess if it is sufficiently urgent. You will not be able to go through the LTB; you will have to go through Superior Court. You should hire a lawyer to help you.
[removed]
[removed]
Have you cross posted to legal advice Canada yet? They may be more helpful to you as this subreddit is fairly US-centric.
Locked because people won't stop giving terrible advice.

Whether or not she is a "tenant", OP risks a fair amount of civil liability by locking her out of the house where she's been living.  And we're not going to keep allowing this to go off the rails.
[removed]
[removed]
[removed]
[removed]
[removed]
[deleted]
[removed]
Anyone suggesting an illegal eviction earns a ban.  Let's stick to legal options, shall we?
[removed]
[removed]
[removed]
[removed]
[removed]
[removed]
[removed]
[removed]
[removed]
[removed]
[removed]
[removed]
[removed]
[removed]
[removed]
[removed]
[removed]
[removed]If this trend continues it could be construed as parental alienation in court.  Document this.
Talk to your attorney.  Bring up the 11 missed calls while your daughter is in your care and your ex using your daughter to express her anger with you.  Try to get a court order for counseling for your ex.  For your daughter's sake, your ex needs to learn how to deal with her anger.
Does your divorce decree/custody agreement address communication with the mother when she's in your care?
Divorce attorney here, are the two of you (you and your ex) using any court mandated communications facilitator (talking parents, family wizard, etc)? Because you definitely should. It’s another step she has to go through to communicate with you and it may help her chill the fuck out since she knows you can show it to your attorney any day. It’s the same with phones, but it adds a layer of formality that may serve to deter some of the bullshit.

As others have noted, you need to keep a record of all of her bad behavior and hopefully you have been. But telling your 9yo daughter to tell you “fuck you” is above and beyond anything that could be excused by frustration between exes. A judge should hear about that. Talk to your lawyer.
You need to start documenting everything. Record your calls with her, note every interaction and questionable action. note every time you have called and been denied access/ communication as stated in the decree. Get a few weeks of evidence and bring it to your lawyer.
Another thing you may want to look for in your decree and ask your attorney about is if your decree includes a non-disparagement clause. They are fairly common and instruct both parties that they are not to say anything negative to the minor children about the other parent. 

As others have said, otherwise your best course is to document everything you know to be happening and talk to your attorney about whether you should retrieve information from your daugter's phone. 
INAL -however my ex is in New Jersey with my son.. my advice is DOCUMENT AND/OR always have a recording device on you . The best thing about New Jersey is that it’s a law you automatically have joint custody. So aside from judges that are biased ( which I’ve encountered twice ) always back up everything with proof . 
Write down EVERY DETAIL, like, double what you typed above. What feelings your daughter conveyed, screenshot the missed calls next time she is at your house (records can be subpoenaed (sp?) but I'm not sure if missed calls will register, you wife's exact words, etc.
I would talk to your attorney ASAP about this, bring up the missed calls, the use of your daughter to express her anger, and your daughters emotional turmoil.

The attempts to have the Daughter curse at you sounds like disparagement / parental alienation and most states have very strict laws in regards to this, and the lack of access to your daughter when she is at the Ex's place is *probably* a violation of the custody agreement (as you mentioned in a reply to another comment)

I think you might want to talk to your lawyer about contacting CPS, to make sure that Ex isn't being emotionally abusive towards your daughter. Having a CPS report against the Ex will help your case if you wind up having to go back to court. Though you should probably talk to your lawyer about this first.
IANAL, and I feel short of getting full custody, there isn’t a whole lot you can do. but I was in an incredibly similar situation as your daughter. It’s such a terrible thing to go through, I’m 23 now, and I still suffer mental health issues from what my parent did after the divorce, all out of anger. I went through 2 separate custody battles.

If i were in your position, I would have a discussion with her, and explain that it’s not her fault that this behavior is happening. I would also ask if she’s happy living with her mom. If she says no, ask if she wants to live with you, if yes, take the mother to court. Although she may not say yes, strictly because of the fear of The moms reaction.

In my experience, a judge will take what the child wants very seriously. If it’s your daughters wish to move in with you, there is a very good chance that it would happen. 
NAL but I’ve been in this situation and we went back to court and I got more custody due to parental alienation.  The courts like to see two parents working together at the best interest at the children.  Her doing that is harming the children.  I would speak to your attorney.   Keep track of everything.  Any text sent saying things like this, the conversations, everything. 
Is it legal to record phone calls in NJ?
Best interest of the child. I remember this clearly like it was yesterday and yes I did get custody of my 3 kids. I'm a father
Speak to your lawyer, I and most people here are not lawyers. You’ll need to record conversations but with how consent is handled it could be complicated. 
Lots of advices to record the conversations. I tend to agree with them but I would consult with a lawyer about this beforehand just to be sure what is legal and what is not (like installing a recording app..)
I'm not a lawyer. But I work in STEM. There are parental applications on the Android and iOS platforms that allow you record conversations. They will upload the data to a cloud and you can login to review any and all conversations.

  


Laws around recording conversations vary by state. But if you live in a state that only requires single party consent, as a parent to a minor, you have a right to provide that consent.

  


The point is that you can monitor these destructive and derogatory conversations and then submit them to the family court as evidence. This can be used to have court ordered therapy and reveal your ex-wife's character and interaction with your daughter.

  


Best of luck.
[removed]
[removed]
[removed]
[removed]
[removed]
[removed]
[removed]
[removed]
[removed]
[removed]
[removed]
[removed]
[removed]
[removed]
[removed]
[removed]

> 
> Glad to say I’ve got a happy update!
> 
> The coworker was indeed terminated the day her probationary period ended (7/1). I wasn’t working that day but apparently she just stormed out wordlessly when told. 
> 
> The ex has filed for a temporary restraining order and is working on a permanent one. He’s also installed home security cameras and carries a copy of the police report and a one page vet record showing the dog is spayed and vaccinated. The dog has also been to obedience school and they wrote a letter saying she hasn’t shown any human or dog aggression. 
> 
> Police and animal control are very good around here. They assured us both that euthanasia is an absolute last resort in any case  and that they’d require extra proof from this coworker should she report anything. Additionally, with the restraining order, the coworker can’t be “bitten” by the dog without violating it. And the department says they don’t allow totally anonymous reporting-you can keep your name secret from the dog’s owner but not the police/animal control. 
> 
> So the dog is safe, coworker let go, and ex is forewarned and forearmed. I’d call it a win!
> 
> Thank you all for your advice and support!

> https://www.reddit.com/r/legaladvice/comments/5cku3a/tx_wife_has_custody_and_wants_me_to_allow_her_new/
> 
> Thanks for the help!
> 
> She ended up taking me to court. Her lawyer focused a lot on my criminal record (which had happened before I even met her, and she married me knowing it). Her lawyer claimed otherwise, that I had hidden my record from her and she only learned about it after our marriage. This was very easy for me and my lawyer to disprove as I had email communications with her acknowledging my record. She insisted the emails not being in her inbox is proof that the emails are made up. Perhaps she seriously thought deleting the emails from her account would delete them from mine too. Her own lawyer looked really upset after this. 
> 
> She dropped the case immediately after that hearing.
> 
> Her own husband apologized to me, said he wouldn't have agreed to adoption if he knew the truth. He was a decent guy. Ex lied to him about me to get him to adopt my son. It's been a couple of months since then and according to my son they're now separated.
> 
> I'm talking to my lawyer to change the custody agreement too.  


The only answer here is to speak to an attorney immediately and don't sign anything. Act fast. Call a few attorneys to ask for a consultation. They will give you advice on how to handle your divorce going forward. Don't make any financial moves such as removing money from the account until you've spoken to your attorney.  If you want to be proactive, I agree you need your own bank account. Set that up & when the attorney tells you to move money, do it. You don't need a private investigator. He's having an affair and it's not going to help much unless he has used a large portion of your martial assets to have that affair. Your attorney will handle getting a forensic accountant to make sure he's not hiding money.  Because you probably have a lot of cash going through the restaurants, you will probably need one.

Also there is no shame getting a divorce. I understand there is a cultural issue at hand but divorces happen all of the time. His asshole actions - trying to strong arm you into leaving your home & your car speak volumes. You don't have to leave the home & if you feel unsafe, call the police immediately.
To echo what others have said, I understand that you're feeling foolish right now, but be fair to yourself - most people don't *prepare* for divorce when they're not the one initiating it. So when you call the divorce lawyer, they won't think you're foolish for not knowing what to do. That's why there are divorce lawyers. Your husband is banking on you not knowing what to do, and being too timid to assert yourself in this situation because of your legitimate fears about how your family will react. Get a lawyer, go for the throat, and don't look back. Good luck, and I'm really sorry this is happening to you.
He can’t decide what he wants to keep and when you have to leave your home. I went through a divorce a few years ago, and in my state anything that was purchased or earned while you 2 were married is a joint asset. You are entitled to half the car, half the home, half of the bank account, half of his retirement account (he’s entitled to half of yours too), and if he bought a business after you were married that’s a marital asset and you’re entitled to half of that too. 

My advice is do not move out yet. In my state, my lawyer told me not to move out until we had a signed separation agreement. If I were to move out before that it would look like I instigated the divorce and could negatively effect child custody and alimony. 

Right now is an emotionally charged time, but you need to talk to a lawyer ASAP to protect yourself financially. My ex wiped out our joint savings account before we had a separation agreement (it had a few thousand dollars in it). My lawyer said I could take him to court for it but by the time I paid his 250$ an hour legal fees any money I’d get from the ex I would have to pay to the lawyer so I let it go. I talked to a lawyer within a week of my ex walking out and I was an emotional wreck, but he was able to advise me on what to do/not so to protect myself and get the best outcome for me. Don’t assume your ex will play nicely, divorced usually end up getting heated when it comes to dividing assets. 

Do not sign anything he gives you now. Do not leave your home unless you feel unsafe. Do not give up your car or anything else. Get a notebook (or take notes in your phone) and start documenting everything with dates, times, and quotes of what he says. Start gathering your financial documents (a lawyer will need all of them). But honestly the best thing you can do for yourself for the long term is lawyer up. 

I’m so sorry you’re going through this. My ex was an alcoholic cheater. I met him when I was 18 (young and naive). I’m a few years out from my divorce, but I’m so much happier not being with a cheater, and you’ll be happy again too. I didn’t realize how much I was settling by staying with my ex. He treated me like shit and I would just think “well, this is how my life is.” I didn’t think I deserved any better. YOU deserve better than what he’s done to you by lying and cheating for your whole 10 year relationship. Good luck with everything!
On top of all the other advise here, get a copy of all bank statements in order so he doesn't try to move money sneakily (maybe go over them as well to see if he's already been doing this). Move half of any joint accounts (document and keep records for lawyers) so you have access to money for legal costs.

DON'T SIGN ANYTHING AND DON'T MOVE OUT! If he starts forcing you out call the cops!
[removed]
IANAL. On top of everything. 
Tell your parents ASAP, specially if you know they may have more resources or a trusted lawyer.

You are hurt and overwhelmed, if they are supportive and you have a good relationship with them, they’ll help you keep focused and you need every ounce of support you can get. 

Document everything, save all your important documents, and build your support structure. Your husband blindsided you and was probably hoping you’ll be too ashamed / in shock to react. You need an attorney and people in your corner. If your parents invested too, they’ll definitely deserve the chance to fight for what is theirs.
[removed]
As everyone else has stated, do not leave and do not turn over ANY property or funds to him. DO open a private bank account and move half of all joint funds innit immediately. 

In New York marital property is defined as all property and assets acquired during the marriage regardless of who they are titled to. The court will divide these assets. Your husband probably knows this and is hoping that you don't. He's likely trying to play on your ignorance and shame and walk away with everything. Don't let that happen. Keep living there. Keep driving YOUR car. Keep doing everything until a judge tells you not to.
NAL - don't leave.  If he wants to go, he's more than welcome too.  You guys are married, that apartment is 50% yours, that 2nd restaurant also 50% yours.

The money in the accounts, any retirement funds, anything acquired during the marriage, 50% yours.

A marriage license is a financial contract, you'll want a good divorce lawyer and probably the last couple years of tax statements, bank, retirement and credit card statements and business accounts.

A good divorce lawyer could probably also get you sole occupancy of the apartment while he pays for it if you're not working, especially if he's making life difficult.

Good luck OP.
He is trying to STEAL large amounts of money and property from you. Do not let him do this. Call an attorney immediately.
You can not allow shame over this situation to cripple you.  You must quickly act and stop this idiot from robbing you blind.  From your story it sounds like most of what you two have accumulated is joint property which needs to be be jointly split.  Do you have any divorced friends?  You need a competent lawyer who can decide whether a forensic accountant is also needed.  Don't leave your marital residence without talking to your lawyer.
Filing for divorce does not justify kicking you out of the house. Contact a family/divorce lawyer and go from there.

If you are being forced to vacate against your will, then you should contact the police as this is a domestic dispute that needs to be resolved ASAP.
The best advice for you in this thread is to consult with a divorce lawyer AS SOON AS POSSIBLE.

The lack of a prenuptual agreement may hurt him more than you.  Again, you need legal advice from someone who specifically represents you as soon as possible.
Haven't seen it yet so I'll say (NAL) but do not take advice from your husband. Do not believe what he says about things. He isn't on your side and wants things to go his way. Listen to your lawyer and only do what they say. I know that families can cause this to be harder too, if they give you different advice than a lawyer, do what the lawyer says! You are paying your lawyer to be on your side and for their knowledge so use that resource. This isn't your shame, you don't need to hang your head. If you are worried about emotionally handling this get a therapist now and build your confidence and self worth.
Document everything, especially anything financial. But more importantly, call a divorce attorney ASAP. A local lawyer will be able to give you the list of must-do's.
NAL but he cannot force you out with nothing especially since you don’t have a prenup. Call a divorce lawyer and lay out everything to them. Your husband is trying to swindle you out of your assets that you’re entitled to. 

That being said, your husband has shown you the kind of person he truly is and how far he is willing to hurt you. I know people are telling you to stay in your home but please please PLEASE only do so if it is safe option. And I know you don’t want to involve your family but the more aware your support circle is of your situation, the more they can help you. He’s in the wrong here not you.
Contact a divorce lawyer ASAP! The money spent will be more then worth it. Don't do anything till you have spoken to a lawyer. Having someone in your corner that knows the law is paramount in these situations. Good luck, im sorry this is happening to you.
He can say what ever he wants but that’s not how it works.  A good divorce lawyer will make sure the assets are divided.  If you don’t feel safe don’t stay with him because you feel you have to.  Your lawyer will help make sure he pays up.  Right now emotionally. You are not at your best so don’t agree to anything.  I would try to get any copy’s of financial documents you can.  Banking statements, accounts,  loan amounts  any cash on hand.   Title to the car   Mortgage paper work showing how much you put down.    Iam assuming you are a emigrant to America and don’t know how the courts work here.   You will not be left pennyless by this pos.
Don't just leave! Call the police (911) if he is being violent or harassing you with words. This is a crime that should be reported to the police. You are under no obligation to leave. It's your house and your car too! Half of everything there is yours! Call the cops if you are in danger, you might have to do it more than once! Get a divorce attorney today.
As most other people said, first just take a deep breath and some solace in the fact your husband is definitely not going to get everything he wants. Get yourself a lawyer. While him cheating doesn't carry the weight it used to, it'll at least help your case.

>he bought me a car for my birthday just last year and is telling me i have to leave the car with him

Is the car in your name or his? And do you have proof it was a gift for you?
Locking post because relevant advice has been given and the idiots have arrived in droves. Tried to use idiot repellent, but it's on back-order due to COVID related idiot repellent needs.
\>  but I am too embarrassed to tell my family.  
\>  unless I ask my parents for help which I’m also embarrassed to ask for 

First and foremost, get over yourself and take the help of friends and family.

You probably cannot fight this alone.

Hire a divorce lawyer NOW.

Don't move out, call the cops if he tries to force you out.

You're entitled to half the money and assets.
1) DONT SIGN ANYTHING!!
2) Consult with a lawyer, AT THE VERY END OF THIS SENTANCE. 
3) Do not leave the house if you do not wish to (provided it is safe). 
4) Do only what your lawyer says you can or should do. Nothing else. 
5) Gather every bit of financial documentation you can muster.
Please talk to a divorce lawyer ASAP.
[removed]
[removed]
[removed]
[removed]
[removed]
[removed]
[removed]
[removed]
[removed]

I don’t blame you for wanting to start fresh. I live in the sticks of SC and it is pretty scary at times in the woods alone.
The next time he shows up, call the police.

You've been as clear as you need to be. 

You can also seek a restraining order from your local court if you feel unsafe.
Time to escalate with the authorities.  While he hasn't done anything illegal yet, it is good to get this documented.  

You also need to start viewing him more as a threat than an annoyance.  You say you have the doors locked yet you also note talking to him through a cracked door.  Stop doing that, he is a threat to your safety.  Lock your doors and don't talk to him at all.
First, file a police report for stalking. Provide the police with a statement documenting how the neighbor asked you repeatedly for a date and refused to take no for an answer. Then provide them with times and dates that you saw him driving by on your cameras. Provide a copy of the video to them as well. If they try to not take you seriously, ask for a supervisor and go as high up the chain as necessary.

Get a copy of your police report and go to your local district court and file a petition for an IPO (interpersonal protective order). Its different from a regular EPO in that it doesnt require the parties to be in a relationship to be issued, and it's designed for stalking type situations. Even with the courts being closed for corona, you can still file for an IPO.

Please note, IPOs and EPOs are a piece of paper and will not protect you from someone who wants to do you harm. Their purpose is to allow for immediate arrest if the other person tries to come near you. Protect yourself and your home however you're comfortable doing so, just dont rely on the paper to keep you safe.


For reference, heres the criteria for stalking in KY:

As used in KRS 508.130 to 508.150, unless the context requires otherwise:

(1) (a) To “stalk” means to engage in an intentional course of conduct:

1. Directed at a specific person or persons;

2. Which seriously alarms, annoys, intimidates, or harasses the person or persons; and

3. Which serves no legitimate purpose.

(b) The course of conduct shall be that which would cause a reasonable person to suffer substantial mental distress.

(2) “Course of conduct” means a pattern of conduct composed of two (2) or more acts, evidencing a continuity of purpose. 
NAL
You think you've made it clear, but if he is as mentally ill as I think he is, he may be interpreting any conversation and any interaction and any direct verbal response by you as favorable to him. Try your best to not engage at all. Don't open the door. Not even a crack. Talk to the police. Set up "no trespassing" signs, just to cover your bases. I'm so glad you're working on getting out of there. This sounds very scary and you're completely right to listen to your intuition.
Found this about KY trespassing laws:
https://www.womenslaw.org/laws/ky/statutes/511060-criminal-trespass-first-degree
You should be able to go to the PD and file a report; ask that they at least speak to your neighbor and tell him to stop contacting you.  They should be able to send at least one officer out to do that.
[removed]
[removed]
The moment steps on your property,  call the cops.

The moment he gets aggressive you dail 911.

This is not okay and this is not normal behavior.


I highly recommend just leaving and selling the home thru a realiter than ending up on the back of a milk carton per say.
[removed]
[removed]
This post has been locked due to an overwhelming amount of off-topic advice.

As a reminder, this is a place for commenters to provide general, but geographically applicable legal advice--not for commenters to provide moral support or ask questions about the law, and not to provide non-legal remedies.
[removed]
[removed]
[removed]
[removed]
[removed]
[deleted]
[removed]
[removed]
[removed]
[removed]
[removed]
[removed]
[removed]I went through a similar situation when I was your age and did get full custody of my little sister. Please call a family law lawyer and they can help you navigate this. Don’t hand over your sister to her dad as he might be able to take her legal from you since the previous parenting plan wouldn’t protect that from happening. Ask the lawyer about filing an emergency temporary parenting plan so you can have custody of your sister until this is all sorted out. Make sure your sisters school knows what’s going on and the school paperwork does not allow her dad to take her out of school. Also call your local court and ask about legal aid services in your area as some attorneys will take a case like this pro bono (so you won’t have to pay anything). Good luck.
You need to see if he has met the legal terms of abandonment.   You need a family lawyer pronto.
Since your sister is under 18, she is entitled to Social See benefits until she turns 18 at least. If your Stepmom ever worked your sister will be getting a monthly or biweekly benifits check. Which I am sure her Father is aware of, and likely is a significant amount of money over the next 8 years. 
It might be relevant, if your Father legally adopted your step-sister? If her father did not have any custody or visitation, he might have agreed to that get out of child support. 

Is it possible he only wants custody to get his hands on part of some inheritance that might be coming your sister's way?
Whether you can afford it or not, you need a family law attorney like yesterday.  Call some up they will give you a free consultation, especially once they know your situation.
While you should definitely talk to a family lawyer, you should also prep your sister for what to do if she has to live with her dad.  She needs to know what to do if he abuses her.  She may have to go live with him, but abuse would be a fast ticket back out.  Calling 911 is an easy choice, but she also needs to know that she can call CPS or talk to a trusted teacher or counselor at school who is a mandatory reporter if she doesn't have immediate access to a phone.  Make sure she knows your number too in case she needs to call from someone else's phone.  If things don't go your way with custody/visitation but you think it's likely he'll abuse her, you may also want to talk to your lawyer about what steps you can take ahead of time to become a fast placement with CPS should they get involved.  CPS likes to keep children with family members if possible, but they still have requirements on homes they will place with, so if you can prepare and meet those requirements in advance, it will look good for you and help get her with you faster in a bad situation.  Lastly, not a legal issue, but consider seeking a counselor for yourself and your sister (as long as you are able to do that).  You both may need help with grief, doubly so if you are separated from each other.
IANAL.

My sincere condolences to you and your sister. I cant imagine the pain and confusion you are both going through, especially your poor little sister. This entire sub is hugging her, and you, right now.

You need a good family lawyer, right now. You've said your parents don't have a lot of money, but it adds up, especially if there is insurance and real estate. That will bring the wolves to your door, and you've already met one. You have other relatives on both sides that will be showing up as well. Count on it.

Did your sister's father make custody payments for her? Are those payments up to date? Does he send her birthday cards, Christmas presents, etc.? Does she have a relationship with his family? Does she ever stay at his house? Does he have a another family? Does she know those kids? What kind of job does he have? What are his hours? What is his lifestyle? If he hasn't paid anything and hasn't visited her, and she has no relationship, that will go a long ways to a judge's decision. If he's just some single guy, living alone all this time, and suddenly he's interested in his daughter when she has some money to her name, a judge isnt going to look on that kindly.

Make sure she has all kinds of contact information for you - phone number, email, address. Make sure the school has it as well. Talk to her school. Her father might be able to ban you from picking her up, but he cant ban the school from speaking to you (or maybe he can, I dont know. I'd still make sure they have your info). Your sister is now a special case at school, and the principal, her teacher, and the guidance counselor will all be watching out for her. You want them to know that you want to be informed if she has a problem.

Also talk to the parents of her close friends. They need to know how to reach you if they hear something is off. There may be laws that keep the school from calling you, but there are no laws that would keep her friends' parents from contacting you. They could be your best connection for you. Trust me, they can all imagine their little ones in a similar scary situation, and they'd be glad if there was a responsible older brother to watch their little ones.

You aren't a blood relative and he's her biological father. That's tough to overcome. But there will be a lot of people in her life who will be watching out for her, and you need to keep those lines of communication open. 

Good luck, and you are a fine and responsible big brother for your little sister. That is exactly what she needs in this terrible time.
Consult an attorney. Your sister needs a court appointed special advocate. 

Basically a grown-up who’s only skin in the game is to speak up for your sister and advocate for her needs and her best interest.

Alot of this is state-specific but in a situation where her father wanted custody and you wanted to adopt her, you would not be able to, he has a closer familial relationship that would supersede your adoption claim.  

I'd contact some lawyers in the area and see what options you would have to petition to get visitation rights.  In some states and in some situations, non-parents would have the ability to pursue these rights. It's not a given, but I think there would be a strong best-interest case for you having visitation with your step-sister due to the death of your parents and her father's lack of involvement in her life.  It's not a given, and it might not even be legally supported, but I could see a judge granting it.
First and foremost consulting estate attorney. You need to make sure you're late stepmother's husband doesn't have control over her money. Find out what their debts are and then there assets the attorney can help you with this. you also need to speak with a custody attorney and if her father didn't actually have custody or see her, you can try for an emergency custody order.
 Get those people who witnessed his abusive behaviour documented. Take that documentation [recordings, signed statements, and if possible the actual people] and go to your local child protection agencies. 
If her mother's parents are alive and have a relationship with her, they may be able to pursue grandparents' rights, which are likely to be visitation rather than custody, but it is possible they might be able to help you both. My condolences for your loss.
IANAL. Do not let her go until there is an order from the courts. 

Make sure your sister has your phone number memorized and knows she can call you anytime for any reason. Make sure she knows you are a safe space.

Consult with an attorney and work on getting a guardian ad litem appointed to her. This person's only goal is to do what is best for your sister. I would also be prepared to call CPS on a moments notice if your sister is in danger. Be prepared for her father to fight very dirty. He probably will. 
Washington has recently updated their laws so that siblings can get visitation rights as long as you have a relationship longer than a year. You need a lawyer. Else it won’t be easy 
You need to get a family law attorney as soon as possible.   
No one seems to want to give you the bad news. Custody in almost every state is dictated by the best interest standard. A judge determines who that will be.  

The way the law is written is most states is they lay out all of the conditions for removing parental rights. Stuff like abuse, drug addiction or mental illness.  So some of that has to be present but the second part of the standard is who the judge believes can provide for the best interest of the child.  

Yes talk to an attorney and best of luck to you. 

Best advice I can give you is do not get in a pissing match. Present yourself as mature and not prone to lose your temper.  


If he is proven to be unfit, you could actually get custody. Look up family law attorneys in your area and consult with at least a few and explore your options. 
Talk to a social worker or cps in your area. Tell them the situation and that you fear for her emotional state. This is alot for her, then to go live with someone she doesn't know very well and to not have any contact with you is traumatic. She could develop mental illness. You may not have rights but to make them aware of the situation to keep an eye on her wellbeing. This is so sad, I'm so sorry OP I hope things change and work out. Good luck 
NAL - SB 5598 was signed into law last year, which allows grandparents and other relatives to petition the courts for visitation rights. I believe it specifically mentions step sibling as being able to petition. So since you have an existing relationship, if you follow proper legal channels and get a decent attorney, I'd bet you'd be granted visitation rights if he refuses to let you see her. 

I'm so sorry for your loss.
If he’s never had contact with her since the divorce let alone pay child support I would contact a lawyer to see the best opinions possible 
Depends on the state you might get visitation at best. Unless you can prove the father is a danger to your step-sister it is difficult to do anything. If your father adopted her then yes in some states you might be able to get custody, 
https://www.wsba.org/for-the-public/find-legal-help 
Don’t sign or agree to anything. While I don’t have solid legal advice where you are, there must be folks with us,  that can advise you.  

Did your father or step mom have a will?  Check everywhere. 

Decide what you want/can do for you both. You both may be entitled to social security benefits (if you’re in the US). 

I so so sorry. 

Reach out on other groups for support. 


First, I’m so sorry for everything you and your step sister are going through.

I don’t know where in Washington you are, but here are some resources that might be useful in finding a lawyer and/or what to ask for.  A guardian ad litem to represent your sister may be your best bet, but ask an attorney.

https://www.washingtonlawhelp.org/files/C9D2EA3F-0350-D9AF-ACAE-BF37E9BC9FFA/attachments/392E868B-CE46-7D13-32C7-470570A58AA8/3103en_guardian-ad-litem-for-family-law-cases.pdf

https://www.washingtonlawhelp.org/resource/how-to-request-a-guardian-ad-litem-gal-for-di

https://snohomishcountywa.gov/1441/Guardian-ad-Litem-GAL

[State guide for GALs](http://www.courts.wa.gov/content/manuals/domviol/appendixe.pdf)

[2018 GAL handbook](http://www.benton-franklinsuperiorcourt.com/app/download/2941385/2012_Title+11.88+GAL_Manual.pdf)

[List of organizations in Washington that provide free legal services (look for one that fits what you need)](https://www.washingtonlawhelp.org/find-legal-help/directory)

https://nwjustice.org/our-services

http://allianceforequaljustice.org

https://www.wsba.org/for-the-public/find-legal-help
First thing you need to do is get off of reddit and get the local National Lawyers Guild on the phone. A phone call really is gonna be your best bet. Explain your situation and have them put you in touch with a family law attorney. 

Do you know if your father adopted your sister? If not, did your sisters father pay child support? Did he have regular visitation? State laws very wildly, but in a lot of states if she was adopted then her biodad has little to no legal claim. If he was supposed to pay child support/visit and didnt, that also counts against him.

Point is, laws regarding this are extremely complex and you absolutely need a lawyer.

Ps. Im so sorry for your loss. 
[removed]
[removed]
Look up Washington state free legal advice. There's probably resources out there for you. I'd also suggest that you call all of the firms that do family law in the area. Be polite and explain the situation and that you're concerned for your sister, don't have a ton of money, but need help. You might find someone who will do pro-bono work. Again, be nice about things.

I'm really sorry for your loss and way to get a great brother and fight for your little sister. 
I am really sorry you are both dealing with this. I also want to commend you for fighting for your sister. Just a small point- “adoption” may not be the best goal. Guardianship might be better. Ask the lawyer you find about this. There are implications for the future based on which legal status happens now. (College financial aid is one example) 
Did your parents state in their will who would gain custody? In any case, get a family lawyer and fight for custody.
[removed]
[removed]
[removed]
Did he have partial or visitation before? Or did your step- mother have full custody.
[removed]
[removed]
[deleted]
[removed]
[removed]
[removed]
[removed]
What is our obligation here?

You don't have any. When you adopt a child, you become their legal parent. That transfers parental rights and support obligations to the adoptive parents.
I feel terrible for this child. 

If the adoption was legal, he is not your child anymore. The adoptive parents cannot gouge you for money because he has special needs. 

Out of fear for his safety, I would call CPS and have them pay a visit to the family and make sure he’s not chained in the attic. 

You cannot “return” a child you’ve adopted simply because they’re sick/disabled.
If he was legally adopted then you have absolutely zero obligation to his care or to the new parents regardless of their connection to you.

If they were to leave him with you or anyone else they could be charged with child abandonment as he is legally their responsibility. From what you've said they clearly need some support - Perhaps you could refer CPS so that they and their child get the help they need
If the child was legally adopted to these relatives and they have complete guardianship of the child (meaning you have no rights to the child) then you owe them nothing.  They are the parents
Contact child services. If they want to "return" the child (like he was an object) they probably aren't taking care of him in the right way
You have no legal obligation to support the child. If you have concerns the child isn't being cared for, make a report to DCS. If the child is severely autistic, he should qualify for Medicaid, and they shouldn't need support for medical care. Stopping responding is a good move. If they do something drastic like drop him off at your house, call the police and report that they've abandoned their child.
IANAL

Assuming the adoption was done properly; you don't owe them shit.  That's part of the risk when you adopt. 

Refer them to CPS/local help organizations.
You have absolutely no legal obligation to be involved in any way. 

My sons were adopted, and I would never think to ask their bio parents to help if any problems should arise. 

The ONLY exception would be if their son develops anything that could be hereditary, where having your medical history could be helpful. Still not a legal obligation, but it would be a jerk move to refuse.
Need information.

Did you follow all proper procedure for adoption? Was this an official process that used the courts and has documentation to support the transfer of parental rights?

Does anything pop into your head to suggest that the adoption was done "fast and dirty" to any extent?
Once the child was adopted by them they assumed all legal obligations, excuse me for being blunt but the child doesn't get a 'return to sender defective goods ' label slapped on his forehead because it turns out that he has autism. If they can't cope , their best bet is to turn to an agency or surrender him to the state. I'm not being glib, I understand that this is painful for all concerned , and I have a child with special needs, I get it. It's exhausting , and demoralizing sometimes. I suspect that they have caretakers burnout, they need respite care at least, the problem is , they are directing this at the wrong people. It might be helpful if they heard this from a neutral third party such as a lawyer, get one to draft a letter outlining the legal obligations of adoption and what an 'open' adoption is.That will preempt the idea of them dropping the child off at your home unexpectedly
Just to reiterate what some other people are saying, if they try to drop the child off at your house and leave, the worst thing you could do is wait and try to get them to pick the child back up, and the second worst thing is try to explain your history to the cops. If you tell the cops and cps your whole backstory about how this was your child and you gave him up for adoption they will go 'civil issue' and leave without doing anything. If it comes to it you have to call the cops and cps immediately and simply say that this child was abandoned at your home by his parents and you cannot care for it.
NAL 
I can't imagine a scenario where you have a legal obligation for any financial support or to take the kid. Adoption means you gave both rights and responsibilities away. At most, like any adult being aware a child resides in a home where they are unwanted, you may want to report suspicions to the appropriate authorities. Even that is not legally required if you are not a mandatory reporter.
Hi! NAL at allllll. But I work in the field of autism! 🧩 

I’m sorry to hear about this, it can’t be easy. Here’s my 2 cents: 

Depending on their state there are ways to support this child and family more, especially with a diagnosis of Autism. 

Like other comments I fear the child may not be receiving services or being taken care of appropriately. There are in home care therapies that this child should be receiving for free, and depending on his functioning level his family would qualify for an additional person to come in and help him (it’s basically professional baby sitters to give a break to parents, and RARELY do parents use it but are entitled to it). Additionally, it seems like the family may qualify for a care taker, or they be able to get paid by the state to become one (a family member who can no longer can work full time, or leave a child without care over night should/will qualify).

There are so many resources available for a family like this, but sometimes it is hard for them to know how to access everything or were to start. I don’t think it’s in your interest to relay this to them, but if you do get a lawyer who communicates with the family, I would highly suggest that lawyer ask them if they are receiving enough services. And if they aren’t pin point them to an advocate service (free) that can help them navigate this better.

(Edit: some words)
Oh my! Contact child services, the child isn’t something you can return because they have some difficulties. Hope you receive the right advice and this madness stops!
No obligation at all.  The adoptive parents are the legal parents.
[removed]
This as thoroughly answered when it was posted a few days ago.

The child in not yours and you have no obligation whatsoever.
Unfortunately if they don't feel they can care for him he may go into foster care or be adopted. You have NO legal obligation of course but that would scare me. It's a terrible situation they are putting you in. If they need help they need to contact social services and reach out for help.
[removed]
[removed]
[removed]
[removed]
You have no legal obligation here, assuming the adoption was handled properly from a legal standpoint. They're legally responsible for the child.  
(However, you may want to consider whether you have a moral obligation, because anyone trying to push their adopted special needs kid back onto the bio parents because it got harder than they anticipated may not be the best people to trust with that child's welfare. Not saying you should get personally involved but you could certainly give child protective services a heads up about what's going on, just so they can check on the kid's well-being and safety and offer support to the family.)
[removed]
[removed]

> Update from: https://www.reddit.com/r/legaladvice/comments/9xicm3/husband_surprised_me_with_a_divorce_cleaned_out/?utm_source=reddit-android
> 
> I wasn't able to get much done over the weekend except sell the wedding ring for some food/diaper money. Today however was really busy, I spoke to a few people I was able to get in contact with through legal aid! 
> 
> I'm told by the end of the week I should be with an attorney who can begin helping me file everything I need to begin doing and hopefully begin tracking down where he's put all the money and get some back so I can continue to survive until I can be approved for childcare through state benefits and begin working again. 
> 
> I'm really surprised about how often this happens, there are entire places dedicated to helping men and women who have their wives/husband's do this to them. 
> 
> I am filing for divorce, before he can hopefully and for the return of the money into our account and an order to continue assisting with bills, child support and other necessities such as diapers, mortgage etc.
> 
> I probably will not have another update to this for a good long time but so many people wanted to make sure I was going to be OK and with everyone's advice to contact legal aid etc it looks like it hopefully might get better soon! I also contacted the bank and other bills that are coming up that I won't make and explained the situation. They are somewhat understanding and hopefully I'll be back at work soon to keep current. 
> 
> Thanks for everyone's help and advice! 


Therapy is absolutely the right call here. Find a child therapist that deals in trauma and sexual abuse. They’ll help her understand the nature of what has happened often through methods of play and art which will help ease her transition into talking more openly about it. If the images are illegal or you believe they were put there intentionally - contact the police immediately. If you believe they were saved by the grandfather for his own gratification and he may not understand the technology then that is totally on your judgement whether or not to delete access to the account or get law enforcement involved. Best of luck and best wishes to your daughters recovery.
NAL but you should probably report this. If someone else finds out and reports then discover you knew then you could find yourself under legal investigation for covering up what happened
IANAL, but a social worker. CPS could help you in getting connections to the right resources but ultimately you will need to contact the police who will then probably contact CPS and have your daughter interviewed by a forensic interviewer by the Child’s Advocacy Center (CAC). It is VERY important that you do not let law enforcement interrogate her. Depending on the officers, they may try. This could lead to trauma to your daughter having to explain things (and relive them through explaining them) too many times and potentially hurt your testimony in court. CPS may try to interview her as well but this will primarily be to make sure no abuse is occurring from you, her parents. You can only use a forensic interview in court. You can contact your local CAC for more information.
I don't think I need to add to the therapy discussion, it's obvious that she needs it because of this.  I've seen in the comments that the police is already involved, I would recommend filing for emergency custody of your daughter.  I don't want to make accusations of your ex but for the immediate future you need to get her away from that environment until things get sorted.  And you can go from there.  Also, i would consider getting her a new phone with a data plan you control.  And put restrictions on it so she can never access that content.
[removed]
[removed]
Report this, your child is way too young to even know about that stuff, let alone be in contact with it. Call the police, or CPS. After reporting it, tell your ex and don't let her go back to his house until everything has been sorted.
[removed]
[removed]
[removed]
[removed]It’s possible they are squatters that are just lying to you. 

Look up your property [here](https://sdat.dat.maryland.gov/RealProperty/Pages/default.aspx). Who does it list as the current owner?

You can view the actual land records, deeds, and mortgages [here](https://mdlandrec.net/main/), but have to register for a free account.
First, don’t consider this a done deal. A person who does not own a house cannot sell it.  Title would have had to transfer to him in order to sell it.  

Second, check Maryland SDAT online and do a real estate search.  You can see the records regarding ownership and whether it actually transferred.  It will list current and past owner and date of sale.  

This will dictate what you do next - tell you how they ended up in the house.
whose name was on the deed?
Go down to the local courthouse and ask for the deed transfer paperwork. Then talk to a lawyer.
As others have said, go to the county registrar of deeds and get copies of current ownership documents.  If you don't own the house, you need the police and a lawyer.  Someone has fraudulently transferred ownership of the house.

If you do still own the house, you need to evict the people who are living there.  Look up eviction procedures for your state and follow them exactly.  This will probably start with a 30 day notice to vacate.
IMNAL, this is not legal advice, please don't sue me, etc. I've worked in real estate, foreclosure, bankruptcy, etc. for over a decade.

If you did not agree to this sale, then the deed that transferred your ownership to whoever else was fraudulent. You should get an attorney immediately. You should search for "your county auditor Maryland" online and do a title search to see what happened to your chain of title. In my county, you can see a chain of title and deeds recorded since 1990 online. You can also call your county recorder's office and ask someone to help you. If your name was EVER in the chain of title, then you are entitled to your portion of the house unless certain court judgments rule that you are not so (things like quieting title, foreclosures, etc can remove someone from title without them WANTING to be removed).

Get a lawyer. Call your county/city's bar association and ask for referrals to real estate attorneys. If you have a local Legal Aid or pro bono service, check their income requirements.
Have the property taxes been paid and are they up to date?
This is literally what title insurance is for. Hopefully they paid the roughly 600 bucks for it. You need to get an attorney. The lending company is going to go after your ex something fierce to recoup the money if the "new owners" are telling the truth, but that's not your concern. Fuck him.
I'm gonna guess he did an under the table cash sale of the house, and drew up some fake paperwork.   

I'm in maryland too, check your address in MD real property search

https://sdat.dat.maryland.gov/RealProperty/Pages/default.aspx

That will show the sale records and current owner, etc.
This may be a depressing and overwhelming situation, but you have one thing in your corner here to help you power through. That is **your** house.

&#x200B;

Your first step is to immediately report this to the police, however your ex got about selling this house was illegal and you want documentation. You will also immediately want to retain a lawyer, regardless how how criminal proceedings go against your ex there is not a chance on this earth that the current tenants just walk away. As far as they knew this was their home, they will fight you. Just remember, no matter how nasty they get, you didn't do this. They will be angry at you because you are there and the person who screwed them isnt. You will want a lawyer not only to handle the legal proceedings but to force their communications through, you really wont want to deal with them and may shoot yourself in the foot doing so.
There is loads of good advice about getting a real estate attorney and checking the county's deed records.  One more suggestion: do this FAST.  The people in the house now know something is up and they will be taking their own actions.  Their actions may be to get their own lawyer, if they thought the sale was honest, or, they may wreck the property before they leave it.  Quick action on your part may reduce further losses.
What paperwork do they have to prove it?  If he did somehow sell the house himself, it will be easy to trace the fraud.  The deed transferring the house would require your notarized signature, so I'm very curious what happened here.  Is it possible the house was auctioned due to unpaid taxes or something like that?
that's really shitty, i'm sorry.  you've already gotten responses about the legalities of the situation, but i want to chip in to say i would recommend contacting the Women's Law Center of MD -- http://www.wlcmd.org (this is true even if you are not a woman, for the record - names are sometimes a little misleading)

i think that a fraudulent sale is probably an issue that doesn't come up extremely frequently for lawyers who practice DV/women's rights sorta law, but hopefully you can get a referral or a consult with an attorney to get you some professional advice.  if you left town because of an abusive ex, that puts you in a legal position that is slightly different than if you were not, even if it's only to allow you access to some legal services you otherwise wouldn't have access to -- i'm not sure, in this specific case, whether your specific status as a survivor of abuse would make another legal difference, but it's at least possible.
Go to the police immediately. Go to your lawyer too, or whoever carries out the will. This stuff is in writing somewhere, go get it.
[removed]
[removed]
[removed]
[removed]
[removed]
[removed]
[removed]
[removed]
[removed]
[removed]
[removed]
[removed]
[removed]
[removed]
[removed]
[removed]
[removed]
[removed]
[removed]
[removed]
[removed]
[removed]
[removed]She made arrangements for her children, CPS would not have any need to step in nor to remove them from your home unless they were unsafe there.

If she does not wish for her children to be cared for by these people she can sign over a revocable  temporary guardianship to you that also allows you to handle emergency medical care for the children should the need arise.

And she should probably do so before her family members file for emergency custody.
>Her family doesn't want to return the  children to me. They claim they are worried about child protective  services stepping in. They believe/claim if the children are found in  custody of a friend rather than family member that the children would be  taken as custody of the state.

As you suspected, they are full of shit.

She needs to get a [temporary delegation of parental authority](https://www.utcourts.gov/howto/family/Power_of_Attorney/) signed ASAP so that you can get the kids back. The forms and instructions are in that link.

You should be forewarned that the fact she's signing this at the facility could open her up to family claiming she's currently incompetent to sign those forms. If they even so much as think that, get to a family lawyer ASAP.
In rrsponse to your edit- she has an assigned social worker if she is on psych. You can speak to them and visit beyond normal hours with the social worker's permission to deal with this crisis. These things happen. They will help, though they will need her consent to speak with you. 

The kids are the priority for her, I'm sure. She certainly won't feel better if she doesn't think they are in the right care. Do what you need to do to meet your responsibilities outside. Let the hospital staff deal with her anxiety and depression- that's what they do! That's why she's there! 
\> Her family doesn't want to return the children to me. 

Too bad, so sad. The mother had designated someone in her stead. That person was you. Unless they somehow have custody awarded by courts, they get no say.

\> They claim they are worried about child protective services stepping in.  

And? The mother made appropriate arrangements. Their concerns don't overstep the mother's decisions.

\>  They believe/claim if the children are found in custody of a friend rather than family member that the children would be taken as custody of the state. 

If this was true, a whooooooooooole lot of children would be in foster care. 

&#x200B;

\> What can I do in this case? 

&#x200B;

1. You get a notarized document called a "Temporary Guardianship Agreement". Just google it, it will be a PDF file that comes up. Go to the hospital the mom is at, get it filled out, signed, and notarized. The hospital will probably have a notary on premises, but if not, just google a notary that can come to the hospital. It's gonna cost like 10 bucks. 
2. Go pick up her children immediately. Take a police escort if need be. You will have documentation proving that you have temporary custody. They do not. Bonus points if you also have a letter from the mother notarized that states she does NOT want these family members having any contact with her children and that under no circumstances are they to be in their care. 

Never let your opposition advise you in any situation. These people are lying through their teeth. Go get those kids. Today. And I hope your friend gets better. Also, speaking as a mother, if she doesn't want her children being handled or watched by family members, she's probably got damn good reasons. 
Your friend doesn’t trust her family to be decent, so why should you? I understand not wanting to stress her with this, but surrounded by mental health professionals in a safe environment is actually a good place for her to deal with something like this.

She’s an adult. She may be having a hard time right now, but that doesn’t mean she can’t deal with her kids and her life. Don’t hide this from her and don’t coddle her.

Print off the form, go in, tell them the situation, and they’ll almost certainly get the hospital notary and a nurse to bring her the papers. This isn’t a social visit, so visiting hours are kinda an entirely different matter.

You seem to think that the family members have the kids’ best interests in mind are are simply mistaken. I am VERY skeptical that’s the case. Hell, it wouldn’t surprise me one bit if they decided to try to keep the kids even after the mother is out of the hospital. Part of being trusted with guardianship is being trusted that you’ll protect them, including from her family, and that you’ll do everything in your power to get them back. This isn’t the time for playing nice. They intentionally deceived you to steal her children. *Get them back.*
No,  it's time to view them as the adversaries theyve been acting like.    Consult an attorney if you can afford it.   IANAL but it doesn't sound like they have any legal standing. 


Locking. Excessive attacks on OP
Had an issue similar to that. Speak to CPS and state the case, with the mothers consent. They’ll check to make sure the home is safe for children to grow up in, and you’ll earn custody for the time being. At least, it should go like that. 
[removed]
[removed]
[removed]
[removed]
[removed]
[removed]
[removed]
[removed]
[removed]
[removed]
[removed]
[removed]

https://www.reddit.com/r/legaladvice/comments/8yvcu4/im_pregnant_and_i_want_to_leave_my_husband/

The good news is, California law treats you as if you were married. This is called the putative spouse doctrine. In a nutshell because you personally did not know that your own marriage was invalid because it was never disclosed to you that the previous marriage never ended, the court is going to treat everything you and your wife earned together as quasi-marital property up until the point you learned the truth. Quasi-marital property is treated the same as regular community property for the purposes of divorce so it shouldn’t affect you much but it could affect her. You’ll still be entitled to half of all community interest up until that point that you learned the marriage was not valid though and from the looks of things that was only after you decided to separate, so your interests should be almost the same as if it was a valid marriage.

Some cases and statutes you might want to check out on the subject are: Estate of Vargas, 36 Cal. App. 3d 714 (1974) In re Marriage of Recknor, 138 Cal. App. 4th 1000 (2008) Cal. Fam. Code section 2251 Cal. Fam. Code section 2201(a) - bigamy

Also ask your lawyer about whether the marriage is actually void. I believe under CA bigamy laws it won’t be considered void but rather voidable (meaning valid until you dissolve it) if the other spouse was missing for 5 years or was generally reputed to be dead at the time of the subsequent marriage. Cal. Fam. Code section 2201(a)(2), (b)
First thing to determine is whether the Mexico marriage was valid. If so, your current marriage is likely void. This can have really significant impact on how the court will treat the division of property. If yall have minor children, it is possible you may have to have two cases - one for property and one for the kids. How it would be handled depends on the state where you live.

Edit. Others have pointed out the CA putative marriage doctrine. Accordingly, it is likely that I am wrong about needing two cases. Looks like the court can still treat it like a lot more like a divorce than what I thought. The OP will still have to prove a good faith belief that the marriage was valid, which doesn't sound like a problem, based on what we know here.
Dual citizen here. And I got married in Mexico 21 years ago. For US citizens to marry in Mexico, they need their birth certificates. Doubt she took hers. And you can’t get married under age of 18 without parental consent. Did her parents consent?
You can change your divorce status to an at fault divorce for cause of bigamy- this would GREATLY change the distribution of property and could theoretically in california in pin the ex wife qith your legal fees.

As always IANAL, just very well read in divorce law.
[removed]
Just wait for your lawyer. I know this feels crazy but he’s best equipped to answer this since you basically give us no info and we’re not familiar with the history or the basics of your divorce case, like the state you live in. You will get no good info from Reddit on this.
Doubt.  I've heard marriage in Mexico is a nightmare compared to say the US but if somehow two teenagers pulled it off and she was legally married and never got divorced then your lawyer has his work cut out for him.
Could this possibly impact parental rights? If the previous marriage was valid, could the kids be considered his? I know some states consider all kids those of the husband regardless of if the wife cheated etc.?
This is real lawyer territory, but I can make some educated guesses.

First, if she's still legally married (it typically doesn't matter where she got married first, so long as it was valid in that place) then a subsequent marriage is void because bigamy is not legal and a court may say it's annulled by operation of law.

But that's just the default rule.

The exception is if the state that you're in doesn't let 16-year-olds marry. Then, your state may refuse to recognize her first marriage and her second marriage, to you, was valid. Since you're in CA, and the marriage age there is 18, this might be the case, especially because you say she "took off" to Mexico to get married. That probably means they didn't get parental consent, so CA might consider the Mexican marriage void.

However, that might not matter at all.

If CA would be inclined to recognize the first marriage since you did not know, you've been married for 19 years, and you have two kids, the state *might* divide property and child custody as if you were married the whole time. That would probably be the best outcome for you.

However, if CA said your marriage was annulled and void the entire time, you might have some issues in that there was never a "marital estate," so they don't have jurisdiction to divide your property.

But that's not the worst part.

If your marriage is annulled and void the entire time, you might not be entitled to the presumption of paternity and may have to prove they're actually your kids.

So, like I said, this is real lawyer territory. You should really, at the very least, get a consultation with a California family lawyer.

> 
> &amp;#x200B;
> 
> Well, a lot has happened since that day. My daughter is safe with me and was let out of the hospital about a week ago. She is getting better every day. I know though, you guys want the full story so here it is
> 
> &amp;#x200B;
> 
> After I made that post I took the advice given to me and the next time I saw my daughter I told her that it was wrong of me to ask her to keep secrets and that it's ok to tell her mom. Along with that I saw a lawyer recommended to me by a trusted party. When I went to see him he told me that this is "A case lawyers salivate over" and that my ex is in a lot of trouble. I immediately filed for emergency custody of my daughter. I also got into contact with the doctor again and explained the situation fully to him. He says that while he will not be getting lawyers involved that he wishes for me to submit the evidence to the police and file a report. Along with this, my lawyer has gotten into contact with the court that originally ordered us to vaccinate our daughter and has handed over everything I gave to him. He has advised me to stay quite on this matter so i'll leave it at my ex is in a lot of trouble with them. 
> 
> &amp;#x200B;
> 
> During this time, my ex started to get suspicious. Maybe it was because a friend told her about a post on reddit and she freaked out? Who knows. A few days later when I saw her at the hospital we had an altercation. She became hysterical and yelled various threats and insults at me. Including telling me that I want to "poison our daughter" right in front of our sick child. She was escorted out of the building and the head nurse had banned her from coming back. After this she sent me a barrage of texts telling me that I am a monster and that if she had vaccinated her that she would be dead now. This was sent to my lawyer. As he puts it, "she's what lawyers dream of when they hear who's on the other side of the court."
> 
> &amp;#x200B;
> 
> Outside of this, i've been advised to stay as quite as possible so i'll leave it with this. 
> 
> &amp;#x200B;
> 
> This week I received emergency custody of my daughter until our custody hearing later this year. I have heard that the DA is slowly getting ready to move forward with a multitude of charges against my ex and that will land her in jail soonish.
> 
> &amp;#x200B;
> 
> And that's really it for now. I'm going to follow the advice given by my lawyer and say nothing else to anyone. I do not want the media involved in this for a few reasons so i've left this as vague as possible. When this is all said and done, if the interest is still there I may come back again. But for now, thanks for the advice in the original thread, me and my daughter appreciate you all. 
> 
> &amp;#x200B;
> 
> &amp;#x200B;




I'm not a criminal law attorney but you have some good factors in your favor.  You have abided by the order of protection for a long time (2 years!) without incident.  You have sobered up and been through counseling.  Judges want to hear that stuff.  The best practical advice I can give you is that you should take the lead here.  Get an attorney and get yourself back in front of the judge.  Tell the judge your story first.  If you wait and she drags you into court, you may be viewed with suspicion because, as others have noted, you're technically in violation of the protection order right now.  

An attorney in your area will undoubtedly know more about what to ask for but if you take the lead the judge will probably be more sympathetic to your cause.  Ask for the time of the order to be shortened (out of existence) or that the parameters be redefined so that you can live in the same complex but that you agree to not have purposeful contact with her.  Bottom line: get out in front of this.
I believe that /u/PJexpat is correct.  The first thing you should do is lookup your order of protection, lookup the copy you were provided, or have the building forward you the copy that she provided them.  DO NOT CONTACT HER.  If you cannot get a copy, you may need to see if you can see the order by looking at the court copy from the issuing county/court. 

You should contact your attorney who represented you on the matter involving the restraining order to have the order modified for incidental contact at your home address.  In your case, it should be your defense attorney or defense agency who represented you on the criminal matter who can/should help you.  Tell them what you've stated on this thread and see what they can do about modification. 

A 3 year order of protection is odd, in NYC/NY state, the typical criminal order of protection is either 6 months, 1 year, 2 years, 5 years, or 8 years although these orders can be modified by family court sometimes and domestic violence charges may change the timeline.  Family court may also have issued some kind of order of protection independent from the criminal matter order of protection.  The distinction is important because you want to make sure WHICH order of protection is still in effect and where to ask for a modification.

Now if you do everything that I mentioned and your attorney tells you that modification is unlikely or impossible, I think that your lease with the building should be broken.  Since shes moved into the building you can't be there without breaking the law and I don't think that they should penalize you however thats probably the next third best scenario for you.  Just remember while youre figuring this out DO NOT CONTACT HER, DO NOT CONTACT HER THROUGH A THIRD PARTY.  IF SHE TRIES TO CONTACT YOU DO NOT CONTACT HER BACK.
I think in order to stay you will need to modify the restraining order...think your going need a lawyer or your going need to move. 3 years seems like a long time for a restraining order.
It would depend on the type of order as I understand some American ones are fucked (no onus on the applicant).

You would need to apply for the order to be amended to account for you living so close together, include the history of your residence.

I'd also ask did you have to keep the police / ex informed of where you both are as residences are normally stipulated in an order
[removed]
[removed]
[removed]
[removed]
[removed]
[removed]
[removed]
[deleted]
So she moved in while she has a restraining order on you. The person who filed the restraining order usually takes precedent. So yes, she can force you out. You probably wouldn't take a loss on the deposit or anything because you would have to leave for legal reasons. 

That being said, you can get a lawyer and try to have the order either amended, or if you can get the lawyers to act as mediators, get her to agree to withdrawing the order. 

I'm just giving you both sides of the coin, but I'm super confused on how you got a restraining order out on you that lasts three years. Every restraining order I've ever seen gets renewed every year.
[removed]
Reasoning with \*her\* isn't enough.  Even if she was OK with it, you still have to move out.  It's not \*her\* forcing you out, it's the judge who issued the order.

Technically, if you want to remain un-arrested, you need to not go there even to get your stuff without arranging for her to not be there.

It sucks all of the ass, but it is not something the legal system has a sense of humor about.

Just about the only way around this -- and even this isn't a sure thing -- would be if you had pretty  convincing evidence that she moved into this building specifically for the purpose of fucking with you.  Like I said -- that might not save your tenancy.  It's unlikely that in the aftermath of you proving she did this on purpose that a court would lift the RO or force her to leave.  So it's possible she'd get in trouble and you'd still have to move.
[removed]
[removed]OP get with a lawyer today and take that recording. Do this now. 

Filing a false report is a crime and she can face criminal or civil penalties. IF you have suffered damaged from this, monetary damages, you may be able to get some restitution from her.
I am not a lawyer.

Texas appears to be a one party consent state. You should be fine and I would make back ups of the recording.

Your other questions would be better answered by a lawyer.
[deleted]
Please do not heed the advice of people telling you to just forget about this situation. While civil matters like restraining orders do not typically show up on background checks, there still is a chance.  I believe the police can also see things like this when they look you up in your system, which can definitely create issues if you get pulled over.   

The main thing that I'm concerned about is an extreme likelihood of this being a pattern of behavior that will be repeated.  If you don't get this removed (and hopefully the police will prosecute), there is a good chance that she will do this again to someone else.  What if she accuses someone and they end up in jail as a result?

As a woman, I am sickened at people like this.  It creates a stigma for women who have actually been assaulted and they're less likely to come forward.  If it were in my hands, all of these false-rape accusers would be going to jail for the maximum penalty of what their so-called rapist was being charged with.
OP, you should 100% go after her for defamation because false rape accusations would be per se defamation, and since you have both proof of her allegations (police reports) and her admitting they were false (the recording) it looks like a slam dunk.
Police will certainly be interested in this. Filing a false police report is a crime.

Also, in off-case that she actually has any significant assets, civil defamation/malicious prosecution/unlawful confinement suits dealing with false allegations of criminal conduct, and especially false allegations of sexual criminal misconduct, generally attract very large civil damages awards. Somewhere in the 6 digits is not unheard of. Talk to a civil litigator.

If she pleads guilty to a charge arising from the false allegation, a civil court will likely take judicial notice of her guilty plea and use this to find her liable in tort for defamation/malicious prosecution/unlawful confinement. This means that you might only need to prove civil damages to win a civil suit, and substantially reduce your legal bills in suing her.
Back up back up back up that call. Call a criminal defense lawyer yesterday and do not answer or contact her at all.
You won't ever be able to buy a firearm with a restraining order on your record.  Also, many employers ask.  You better turn that recording in and get it expunged.
The only answer here has been given, which is to say OP should consult with a lawyer post haste. I'm going to lock this post because it is the sort of thing that draws MRAs like flies. 

OP can request unlocking if they want by [messaging the moderators](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose?to=%2Fr%2FLegalAdvice).
[removed]
[removed]Discussion of this update is ongoing in this bestoflegaladvice thread: [Pro-tip to employers: Maybe show some compassion once in a while](https://www.reddit.com/r/bestoflegaladvice/comments/6xiqsz/protip_to_employers_maybe_show_some_compassion/).

Once you have a lawyer, make sure that he subpeonas the cameras from the dealership.  This will have recorded the attack, the others holding you down, and them grabbing your paperwork.

Have a friend go into the dealership and take pics of all the cameras there so the dealership can't claim that they have none.
Probably should also call your bank and put a stop payment order on that bank draft that you gave the dealership. 

Also at the bank, get any records of the draft being created, funds withdrawn from your account for it, and in case it gets cashed by these sleezy dealer dopes, alert them that you will need the record of who deposited it.
Don't dealerships usually have surveillance systems inside?
NAL but without any paperwork you’re going to have some trouble. I assume they’ve gotten rid of every trace of the sale by now. 

You need a lawyer, now. The police will handle the assault stuff but like they said, the car is a civil matter.
INAL, experience with law.

1) You are right that you had a contract. If they assigned you a rebate you weren't qualified for then the loss should lie on them. If they still have the 10K I would definitely also speak to an attorney to enforce the contract or demand its return.

2) You should speak to a personal injury lawyer, as you can file civil charges for assault. This should help you recover the cost of the watch (make sure your wife kept the receipt) and any medical bills incurred as a result of the assault.
Personal injury lawyer is the answer. This is actually a dream come true, homerun case if everything you said is true and you didn’t leave anything out. Just don’t talk to anyone but your lawyer. Don’t sign anything from the dealership. Don’t talk to anybody from their insurance company. Don’t post this on social media—it might give them the opening to counter-sue you for defamation (you shouldn’t be in danger of losing unless you lie about them, but it just complicates it unnecessarily).
You don't have electronic copies of your paperwork? The past two cars I've bought, 100% was electronic and emailed to me on the spot.
I am not a lawyer, but the Massachusetts Bar association has a lawyer referral service that can be found here:

https://www.masslawhelp.com/

They have an instant referral option online, but if I were you, I would call during their business hours and speak to a Lawyer Referral Service representative and tell them your story and where you're from.  They'll be a great resource for finding an attorney that can handle your issue. 

It sounds like you have both a Contracts claim and also Tort (damage from illegal contact) so I'm not surprised it's difficult finding someone who can/wants to handle this case.

Best of Luck!

(Sent on mobile device, please excuse typos/formatting.)
You can contact the [Massachusetts Bar](https://massbar.org/public/lawyer-referral-service) referral service to find a lawyer that can help you.
Do you have your vehicle by now or did they keep it? If they kept it do you have the keys?
[deleted]
Some states have treble damages for conversion. Consult a lawyer. It will be highly motivating to get the dealership moving.
[removed]
[removed]
[removed]
Locked. Excessive off topic comments
[deleted]
[removed]
[removed]So, I am not a lawyer, but I have a grad degree, and I have worked in University administration for most of my career. I don't have any legal advice for you, but I do have some advice on universities. Not every university is the same, and the procedures/job titles may be slightly different for your institution. All this information should be available to you, maybe in a student handbook or on the website. I've found, however, that many undergrad students either don't look for it, or don't even know it exists. I've included some instructions below that are pretty much generally true for every institution I've worked for / attended.

Your thesis advisor isn't the last stop when requesting an extension, they're the first stop. I don't know what your relationship with your thesis advisor is, so you will have to make this judgement call, but if they are generally reasonable and you have a good relationship you might want to give them a verbal heads up before you start escalating. People don't like to be caught off guard on these things and it can help preserve goodwill if you do let them know, but don't do this if you think they may retaliate or cause issues.

If you haven't already done so you should immediately contact your faculty/college's academic advisors (they're usually administrators, not professors). You should be able to find their office hours and contact information on your university's website but they're usually pretty busy this time of year so you might want to call/email and see if you can book an appointment. Some individual departments are big enough to have their own academic advisors, but if you are an undergrad you will most likely be using the general office for a larger faculty such as Arts and Science.

You should ask them what the university's procedures are for cases like this. There is usually a faculty wide process by which you can apply for an extension under extenuating circumstances, if granted this probably means that your deadline will be extended into the next term, which may (or may not) delay your graduation date slightly. It's important that you do so before missing your deadline, as this usually makes the process easier. It's not that uncommon a request.

When you go you should bring a copy of the information the geek squad sent you regarding the timeline of getting your data back, and the communication that you had with your thesis advisor, and any evidence you may have against your ex. NOTE: if you didn't have this discussion with your thesis advisor by email, make sure to do so, this means you have the date and content in writing. The university will want to see that you have followed the proper escalation procedure which means talking to your instructor first and only going beyond them if you can't resolve the issue. When you are asking them about your options make sure to get specific information about what evidence you will need, exactly what forms need to be filled in, who you should contact next and explicit deadlines. Make sure that there is a record of your meeting that is dated in order to show that you tried to work this out before your deadline even hit.

Hopefully your faculty/college's academic advisors will be able to help you, or at least help you start the process. If not, you will want to ask them to escalate the issue to the faculty person who is in charge of student matters. In all of the university's I've worked for this person is usually called the Associate Dean of Students for the Faculty of x. I would suggest also trying to find out if there is anyone else you should cc on this email. If the Faculty is big/wealthy enough that the Associate Deans have an assistant definitely cc that person on the email - faculty are busy and that person's job is to make sure issues and queries get followed up on.

You can also reach out to your student government for help and direction. The involvement and effectiveness of student governments varies wildly between universities so this may or may not be effective. I would also suggest doing this only if the steps above fail, or if you need guidance in finding the right people / processes.

If you aren't able to get anywhere and you do miss the deadline there are procedures for students to petition the university and challenge grades/decisions. This is a longer process and it's best to deal with it before it gets to this point. However, if you do have to do this you will want a record of all the steps leading up to this point. That includes email records and dates showing what you have already done to resolve this (so emails to the people above, info on your ex, info from geek squad etc.) You can start this process with the academic advisor's office.

Good luck!

EDIT: Thank you so much to whoever gave me gold!!
Your email provider may have a backup copy.  If your account was through your school, check with the IT department there.  Also, don't forget to check your sent mail and drafts.  You may have gotten lucky and had her only delete the items in your inbox.
[removed]
Not legal advice, technical advice.  What is the email platform?  Is it a school account, and does the school use Microsoft Exchange?  If so, realize that Exchange email is stored in a database, and deleted emails are not really deleted, they are marked for deletion at a future time.  The default retention period is 14 days.  This will not require the admin recover from backups, etc, but is a simple task you can do yourself.

[https://support.office.com/en-us/article/recover-deleted-items-or-email-in-outlook-web-app-c3d8fc15-eeef-4f1c-81df-e27964b7edd4](https://support.office.com/en-us/article/recover-deleted-items-or-email-in-outlook-web-app-c3d8fc15-eeef-4f1c-81df-e27964b7edd4)

&#x200B;
I worked in IT in higher ed. Contact the service desk. Typically things that are deleted go into a 30 day queue behind the scenes before they're *actually* deleted. They may be able to recover those emails for you. You are still very much within that window. 

EDIT: Also spitballing: If you were emailing copies to yourself, check your sent folder. Also: The folder you mentioned you were using **needs** to now be connected to a cloud based service (Google Drive or Dropbox are good, free options if your school doesn't already provide them). You need to do that for Future You today. 
I think your only legal recourse is against your ex.  You might be able to sue/press charges and recover damages related to delayed graduation (lost wages?).  But it seems like it may be difficult to prove that it was your ex and not somebody else at the party who deleted everything.  Do you have proof?
(Insert standard I am not a lawyer disclaimer here)

&#x200B;

Against your ex, assuming that the deletion was deliberate you would be able to take action to recover your damages.  Which certainly means the charges from Geek Squad (and/or whatever service they sent it to) if they are able to successfully recover it in time.  If they can't recover it in time and you end up facing material charges from your school because of that you would be able to recover there (another semester of tuition as an example).  If you can ascribe a specific value to the data you could likely recover that cost as well.  If in a worst case you end up failing out of school I assume theoretically that "cost" could be recovered as well but that's well beyond what I feel comfortable speculating about.

&#x200B;

Against your school I don't *think* you could take any action legally against them assuming they're following their own policies.  However less-legally I would absolutely suggest talking to your department head and the dean of students to see if there are any other options available within school policies.  Your advisor might not be able to grant you an extension but hopefully there are options for something to be done.
Not a lawyer but I am an academic. I don't have any legal advice but I do have some academic advice that may help you avoid failing due to this issue. This is r/LegalAdvice, so if my comment with zero legal advice is not appropriate for this sub I apologize in advance. 

1. There is an office in your university to mediate disputes and resolve conflicts between students and the university. This is often called ``Student Ombudsman/Ombudsperson’’, “Office of the Ombuds”, or similar. Contact them **as soon as possible** and explain your situation. They will help you determine what options you have. 
2. It looks like your main concern is that missing this deadline will prevent you from graduating in time so you can get this fellowship. I don’t know the details of your situation, but I would assume the fellowship will not begin until the fall term. Depending on how your university terms are set up, there may be one or more summer terms before the fall term. You may be able to delay your graduation into the summer term and make it out with degree in hand before the fellowship begins.
3. Sometimes there are special policies for students who meet all requirements for graduation except completion of a final thesis/dissertation/etc. This happens often enough in academia that I guarantee you aren’t the first student at your university to find yourself in this situation! The ombuds office should be able to help you determine if this is an option for you.
4. **Your thesis may not be gone**. If you are using your university email, there are most likely backups somewhere. Contact the IT department or whoever at the university is responsible for the email server. If you are using a non-university email, contact the provider.
5. If you have sent drafts to someone else for review, perhaps your advisor, they may still have your files. Even if it is an earlier draft, having *something* is better than nothing.
I hope you filed a police report, and then you need to talk to a lawyer. The police and prosecutor will handle anything related to the criminal aspect of your ex's actions, but you'll need to sue in civil court for the damages you've incurred (GeekSquad costs, loss of tuition, loss of job if you had a standing offer based on graduation, etc.)
30 years legal experience in *NYS,* with the disclaimer that this should not be construed as legal advice. Off the top of my head, this is how I *might* handle it. 

File a police report for theft naming your ex. They will want a value, so come up with what you believe the value of your thesis is. I would guess it would be enough to be a felony. If you mention your ex, don't be surprised if they treat this as a "domestic dispute," but it's worth trying, and may shake up your ex, if a report is filed. 

Start a *replevin* action against both your ex, and the Geek Squad. A replevin action is a civil action to recover property. The Geek Squad had no business sending your laptop off without your consent (was their a contract? What do you have in writing from them?). You're naming your ex under the theory that s/he "took" something from you. Digital things are still "stuff." 

In NYS, we have what's called an *Article 78,* which is a proceeding to compel a body or agency to do something. I would commence an action/proceeding against the school to extend the time for you to either: recover your thesis, or other remedies given your situation. Before commencing such action, write a sworn affidavit (a notarized statement) to the the school's Chancellor/whoever is in charge, your thesis advisor, and anyone else involved at the school stating why you need an extension, and, if an extension is not given, you will be compelled to commence a lawsuit. Since time is of the essence, get the affidavit, and send it as an attachment in an email to all parties at your school. You may wish to seek injunctive (stop/prevent) relief, preventing the school from failing you/denying you a degree, until a decision on your petition is rendered (I'd have to think Illinois has something that mirrors an Art. 78).

Call your local Bar Association. You may luck out, and get a pro bono lawyer. Legal Aid doesn't normally do pro bono work of this nature (in my experience), but it's worth a call. 

Call your local courthouses to see if they have a pro se office. Seek poor person's status (*in forma pauperis)* to have any filing fees waive. 

Sorry, this is the best I could come up with, and I've never come up with a situation like yours, but I've been pretty successful in coming up with creative legal solutions. Good luck. 
Before trying the legal route with school, contact other resources at school.  Talk to the head of the department, the Dean of the college, look up if there is a student advocate or a schoolombudsman.
NAL

You say you backed up your thesis via email. Can you get in touch with support for your email and see if they can recover the files? It may be an old file but it’s better than nothing. Other than that try to get a statement from someone at the party to verify your version of events. Maybe your professor will allow an extension with proof. 
Normally, I recommend going to the regular police over the university discipline system. But in this case, you'll want the university on your side. So I recommend making a complaint to the Dean of Students (or similar person at your university) about academic dishonesty by your ex. That will trigger an investigation into your ex about whether she deleted your thesis. This should help your case that your thesis was actually deleted by your ex (and that this is not just some stunt by you to get an extension). 


This will pressure your ex's friend to tell the school about your ex deleting the thesis. You NEED this evidence right now.



You should do this in addition to escalating your request for an extension AND trying to get your work recovered by contacting google to get access to your deleted emails. The university will want to see that you've gone to every effort to solve this problem.
[removed]
[removed]
Get onto google and ask to have your email restored from their backups.  The more time you waste not doing this, the greater the chance that your emails are permanently purged.
Did you every try this that was recommended on your other post?

 [https://www.quora.com/What-is-the-process-to-recover-permanently-deleted-e-mails-from-Gmail](https://www.quora.com/What-is-the-process-to-recover-permanently-deleted-e-mails-from-Gmail) 

And no, your college does not have to grant you an extension. 
> My advisor said he can’t give me an extension, which means I won’t graduate next month and very likely could just fail out. 

So, this is primarily academic rather than legal advice, but one possibility here is to go over their head. Talk to the department chair or failing that the relevant dean. They may be able to work something out. 

I would escalate this beyond your advisor. They absolutely CAN give you an extension, and they SHOULD do so for extraordinary circumstances, and this situation obviously qualifies. Go to your dean. 
Why isn’t this a title ix issue? It should fall under dating violence or harassment. Google your schools name plus title ix coordinator. Set up an appointment. Tell them your ex maliciously deleted your file. Tell them your computer has been sent for data recovery. Tell them your advisor has refused to accommodate you. Ask if the title ix coordinator can assist with coordinating a reasonable academic accommodation aka an extension. If your ex goes to the school, be sure to let the title ix coordinator know if you are open to pursuing a formal investigation through title ix to find him responsible of misconduct. 
If I recall from your original post, multiple people were using your laptop. It's going to be next to impossible to prove who actually deleted the files, because they will all deny it.

I would file a police report, and bring it and evidence you had been working on your paper to the administration. Show them you really were working on something.  But there's no law you can use to literally force them to give you an extension.
If you sent it to your university email, it's worth asking whoever maintains that to see if they can recover the copy that was stored on the server. I guess the same is true for yahoo or google, but you'll have to get luckier there.
[removed]
[removed]
Lawyer here from another jurisdiction (with typical CYA language of not offering specific legal advice or seeking to establish an attorney-client relationship.) You’ve received very good advice relating to filing a police report, but have you done so?  There are certainly criminal possibilities here in addition to a civil action based upon what could be several tort actions both for negligent and intentional actions on the part of your Ex.  Document any admissions made by your Ex and your Ex’s friends and find a local lawyer ASAP.  Good luck with the university and keep escalating.  A police report could help you as well with the school to show you are serious and not bs’ing. 
INAL, but it sounds like, if you can't graduate you might have a good case for a lawsuit against your ex for the cost of going to college for however much longer you'll need to in order to graduate, plus lost wages for the fellowship.
File a police report and include it with your documentation for your request for an extension. It might help to try and talk to campus PD and include the report from them that you talked to them. You've been the victim of a crime and at my school that triggers a lot of protections.
You already have plenty of great recovery advice. My strongest suggestion is to explain your situation to the dean with great humility and regret and ask for an extension. 

For future reference... 

Always keep an external backup that nobody knows about. Thumb drives work great. And don't keep it in your desk where an angry ex can find it. 

Get another email account, Google or Microsoft, and manually backup critical files to it. CRITICAL STEP: NEVER leave it logged in on your computer. And never share the password for this account. This way an angry ex can't get to it. 
[removed]
[removed]
The best solution here would be if you could just graduate and get the internship. Before you think about legal steps, start escalating your problem. On the school end, go to the Dean and plead for an extension. On the tech end, start calling every number you can and try to get the data recovery expedited.. 

On the legal side, if the Dean isn’t helpful, I’d get your parents involved to pressure the provost or the president with threatened legal action. 

But honestly, schools don’t like to not graduate people; it messes with their numbers. Be the squeaky wheel, be nice about it,  and someone will help you out. 
There may be backup copies of your emails at your ISP. you may already know this, but there was no mention of it in your post. And, I know you didn't ask for technical advice. 
[removed]
If you use outlook you can recover deleted emails, if not outlook, contact your email provider
[removed]
[deleted]
[removed]
Have you tried your school’s ombuds department? They’re the top of the top when it comes to student admin complaints in a university. But, like everyone said here, try your dean first, and then your college’s director/provost (by college I mean the college of ____, and not your university. For example, I got a degree from the school of journalism, college of applied sciences and arts, San Jose State University. That kind of “college”).

YMMV, but when I had to apply for graduation, I had to file with the admin head of graduation for my college (don’t know the title exactly, but there’s probably someone similar at other universities), the person who actually receives your application for graduation and makes sure you’ve fulfilled all the requirements for graduation. Reach out to them to see how they can help.
Not necessarily legal advice, but I'd recommend reaching out to the Dean of Students, the head of the department, or the head of Undergrad studies at your school. Explain to them the situation and they may be able to communicate more directly with your advisor, with more authority. 
[removed]
[removed]
[removed]
[removed]
[removed]
[removed]
[removed]
[removed]
[removed]
This is something that should be part of a custody agreement. Parents can teach their children whatever religion/belief system they want. You should talk to an attorney about a written custody agreement, if one does not exist. Or, have it altered to include this topic. You'll likely not change his mind.
Sure, unless your custody agreement says otherwise about something (her activities, clothing, religious beliefs, etc)

You'll want to speak to a family attorney about your options

However, this sounds less about him enforcing specific religious practices on her than general parenting influenced heavily by those beliefs, and you shouldn't expect the court to strip him of his ability to parent altogether based on these examples
This country is founded on freedom of religion. You’ll need an attorney and a good reason to show the religion is affecting the child’s development in some negative way.


You don't need justification to keep your child. You have equal right to your child, and he is in your possession then they can't compel you to give over the child except with a custody order.

You can contact a lawyer immediately to begin the process. If you don't have one in mind you can find one [here](https://www.osbar.org/public/legalinfo/1171_LRS.htm).
I would keep the how it happened to fine details and lead with "Serious infection on his penis, abnormal growth, NO doctor for X number of DAYS... until I got my son back and took him to the doc myself".

Sadly, half the people I run into hear the word "uncircumcised" and are immediately dismissive of (unable to hear) anything said after that.

Circumcised or not is not the point. Child hurt and neglect is the point.

Would it be wise to get copies of all your son's medical records relating to this incident, and a written statement from his physician about how much danger it put your son in? -- potential consequences, potential permanent penis damage? Just to bolster your position?
I agree with most people that you won't be able to legally keep your wife's partner away from the child once whatever custody arrangement is made. This is, sadly, not an uncommon mistake, and while your wife should have briefed the gf and taken him to the doctor, it's unlikely to be negligence of a severity that would seriously affect custody determination. 

Talk to a lawyer before deciding to keep the child away from your wife. Your lawyer will be best placed to advise you on how a judge in your jurisdiction is likely to view such an action, when what caused the infection was a non-malicious mistake.
Speak to your lawyer immediately!  If your lawyer does not have experience in family law/divorce, then get a referral.    You need to cross all t's and dot all i's.  Document everything.  From when you found your sons infection, to his doctor visit, follow up, etc.
[deleted]
Locked.  Advice has been given, and comments have devolved to bad medical and parenting advice.
[removed]
Document everything, dont let them have your child back due to what they did and neglected to get him to a doctor. Consult an attorney to see what the next steps may be. 
You may have to report it to CPS.
[removed]
[removed]
[removed]
[removed][removed]
The info by robynclark is spot on, but let me add to it.  For divorces prior to 2009 and after 1984 the IRS will accept the divorce decree if it contains some specific language.  See IRS publication 17, page 28 for details.  For divorces starting in 2009 a divorce decree is not sufficient, form 8332 must be used to release the child exemption.  The IRS assumes your lawyer was taught this and got the form is signed as part of the divorce proceedings.
So, the IRS doesn't care about custody agreements. If two parties file to have the same dependants on their tax returns, they will investigate and make a determination based on tax law.

Your ex might prevail on this.

But, if you have a separate legal agreement saying that you get to claim the kids on your taxes, then you and your ex are both bound by that agreement. If she violates the agreement, she is possibly in contempt of that agreement, and you should be able to go to family court (or whatever court has jurisdiction over the divorce settlement), and ask a judge to rule in your favor in order to try to make it right.
If you get right with the IRS, it may be possible you can go back and use the custody agreement to force her to pay your back taxes/penalties for breach of contract. I'd spend some money on a family law attorney just to know what your options are here.
https://www.1040.com/tax-guide/taxes-for-families/claiming-child-when-divorced/

Because the divorce decree says you get to claim them, and because you pay more than half their support then you get to claim them. She can't make you refile.

> While the backstory to why is a bit long and drawn out, though not pertinent to the situation at hand, according to our divorce agreement that was signed in 2014 I get to claim our children on my taxes each year even though I’m the non-custodial parent. Her financial situation as far as I know is that she doesn’t work and only gets my child support and disability checks as she has epilepsy.
> 
> This week with the Covid-19 stimulus going on she apparently started looking into tax return law and found out about form 8332 and is now wanting me to re-file my last 5 years tax returns so she can file and claim our children. I was vaguely aware of the form, but mostly in that when filing (on TurboTax) it would mention either needing that or an agreement, written or oral, thus I figured I was okay with just the divorce agreement.
> 
> She says that that isn’t so and that she intends to force me to refile, etc. so, I guess the question is am I basically screwed? Or is it possible I’m in the right on this? Thanks.




---
LocationBot 4.992 13/71ths | [Report Issues](https://www.reddit.com/r/locationbot)
[removed]IAAL (and did family law).  I am, however, not your lawyer and I do not practice in your jurisdiction.  Please be aware that different states and even different counties have different rules.  Please look into getting a lawyer in your state and jurisdiction. 

First things first, Courts generally, not always, but generally, have a goal of reuniting families with their children unless a parent has really done a big bad.  Family law in particular is run by the elements of what is considered in the child's best interests, coupled with parents' constitutional rights involving their child.  I was hoping your ex had not even put in de minimis effort to keep up with your son, but she has (it is minimal, but still existent).  

Secondly, if she takes you to court, she will not likely enjoy the outcome.  She's going to get a TON of obligations (especially financial) coming at her fast.  For one, the court is unlikely to grant her full custody or even give her majority of custody time.  Part of "child's best interest" is to not upset the child's proverbial apple cart too much.  Your child is eight which means he's already started school, has contacts in his town, has developed friendships, and might even have hobbies like sports teams and such that moving somewhere else would force him to "redo" his whole life. 

You will very likely have your attorneys draw up a makeshift child custody agreement outlining child support, child custody time, and payments going 50/50 for activities and camps, etc.  This will stick in place until a final version is truly hammered out and signed by all parties.  You and she will both need to adhere to this plan and can make adjustments as it suits you both throughout.  (Note: if one of your unofficial adjustments doesn't work, fall back onto the written plan).

As a note: it is utterly important that you stick to the written plan yourself.  Take notes as to when she does not.  I always recommended a calendar.  Mark which days are yours (and the times) and which are hers.  If she's late for pick up, do a yellow dot on that day with a little note as to the time she actually showed.  If she doesn't show up at all, put a red dot.  If she's on time, put a green dot.  Do the same for yourself.  

If meeting up in private is bad, have your attorneys agree on a particular public spot for pick up and drop off.  Put it in writing.

Child support will be decided based off who is the residential parent.  In other words, she'll probably end up paying you.  It's usually based off how much money she is making.  If she does not pay during the course of the case, tell your attorney.  Let the attorney handle it.  Worse comes to worse, you might be able to garnish her wages for lack of payment.

On top of child support, I highly recommend getting it in writing that she has to pay half of all child care (even if you don't have any because what happens if you suddenly need it), half of all child's activities including extracurricular and curricular, half tuition until he turns 18 or graduates high school, and half of his summer camps, sports camps, etc.

I highly suspect, given her history, that once she sees that involving courts and wanting to play Mom to bother you is a double edged sword that she'll end up dropping out again.  Does she get to see her son?  Yeah, but now she can't ignore her financial obligations to him at all and if she fails, she can be in contempt of court or get her wages garnished.

She's also going to have to come to YOUR jurisdiction (since that's where the minor child resides), spend money on a lawyer, and this process will take months, not days.  In other words, she's going to make her own life hell just to bother you.  Even selfless parents who genuinely want to be there for their kids find this process incredibly difficult.

Regardless of how she takes it, I recommend that you surround yourself with support and friends during this process.  If it ever gets to overnight visits for your son, please take that night where he's out to do self-care.  It is ESSENTIAL to keep your spirits up and keep yourself in mentally tip-top fighting shape.  Taking care of yourself means you can take care of him better.

I wish you good luck.  Throughout this process, if it comes to that, please remember that the most important person throughout this is your son.  This will also be difficult for him on multiple levels and, even though logically he might not want his mom around, he might suddenly deal with feelings of abandonment, feeling inadequate, and feeling unwanted by her if she tucks tail and drops out of his life again.  Be prepared to have some conversations with him about this and possibly some light family therapy.
You should talk to a family attorney in NJ about a court-ordered custody agreement and child support
You should 100% talk to a lawyer and take her ass to court first. You may even be able to include in the suit a request for back child support, establish future child support and get a judgement for her to pay for your legal fees. 

Get written letters of recommendation to your character from her family members to share with the lawyer and a future judge. Start taking screen shots of her FB history showing that she has erased this child from her life in any way that isn’t convenient to her. 

Start combing your financial statements for as far back as you can go to show any an all expenses you have paid to raise your child. Reach out to his pediatrician and dentist to show you have always been the guardian signing for HIPPA. Reach out to his school to get records of anything and everything in his file you have ever signed for. Any and all documentation you have as sole care provider is another nail in her coffin.

She is no mother and doesn’t deserve to be emotionally scarring your child like this. You also should consider having you kid go to at least a therapy session to check mental health. No matter how amazing you mom and GF fill the role of mom for him, they’re not. He knows that woman who shows up 5 times a year is his mom and he may already be developing thinking pattern damaging to his self worth because she clearly doesn’t want him. If a therapist recommends regular sessions, bio-mom should be tagged for responsibility of the full cost, as she’s likely the root of any issues he has.

My heart breaks for you and your little guy no matter how amazing you’re doing providing a good life for him. His mom is human trash and doesn’t deserve to be a part of his life but she definitely should be helping you with the expenses of raising him. Good luck!
If you don't currently have an official custody agreement, that is where this is probably heading.


So yes, you'll definitely want a lawyer.
I think it would be wise to talk to a family lawyer.  I suspect they will recommend getting a custody agreement in place, along with child support.  (Child support is not a pay to get the kid thing on either side.  It's two people made a kid, so they have to pay for the kid.) You would be filing in New Jersey.  If I had to guess - and it would be GUESS - she would get some parenting time, but you would get primary custody, but you certainly don't want to mess around with it, and she doesn't sound like a great mom.  (And she is really ignorant about child development.)  There is a lot here I think you would benefit from professional and personal advice on.

I would also recommend collecting any documentation relevant.  Going forward, keep a log of all calls/contact she has with him.  If something is scheduled and she doesn't show or he calls and she doesn't answer, log that as well.  Try to keep your emotion out of any accounts, just facts: Time, date, location, what she said, what your kid said, anything you did, etc.

Finally, don't discuss any actions you are taking with her.  Just talk to the lawyer, don't tell her about it.  Good luck!
Contact the school and all the doctors and ask them for all logs showing who took the children to the appointments. 

I’m a family law atty (not in NJ). If someone came to me with your facts I would honestly suggest trying termination. In my jurisdiction the judge would potentially order reunification counseling with mom. Don’t let her bully you. She screwed up when she decided to peace out and she knows it. She knows you are most vulnerable about your child thus she is using it to scare you. 

You need time and date-stamped photographs. Log all his expenses and show how mom hasn’t paid. Print out blank calendars for as long as you can go back and put every major thing she has missed, and color in the minimal days of her visitation. 

Custody is a documentation beast. The more organized you are the better. Make a binder dedicated to this, bring it to the initial consultation with a lawyer and make sure that you have an electronic copy on a flash drive. That will save you $$.
NAL. You need to get a lawyer and get a court ordered custody agreement and child support. Do not engage with her threats, or argue about who is a better mother/ parent.
Don't worry about your grammar. Worry about your kiddo just as you've always done. Lawyer up. Ask the lawyer about filing under abandonment. Whatever you do, do NOT tell her you saw a lawyer, no matter how tempting. Given how stingy she is with money I severely doubt she's paid for a lawyer, but you never know. She might do it just for spite. You will 100% be further ahead if you get to work on this now. The way to end this is to get it in writing with the court.

As others have said, get character recommends. Not just family, either. Teachers and doctors would be good candidates to write letters of recommend for you if they will. 

Screen shot and print evidence online like the facebook account which has him scrubbed from it. Any time she's texted you canceling visits, refusing to pay for things, and that sort of thing you want to print those out, too.

It will save you money with the lawyer if you print and sort evidence into some sort of files or a folder, then label the type. For example when collecting up proof of bills you've paid, remember medical bills and make sure you put them in a file labeled "medical treatment paid for by <your name>".  Other groupings would be something like "Examples of her erasing evidence of him" for the social media stuff and "texts denying responsibility" for the print outs from texts.

From now on do your best to get her to only discuss your child with you via texts. If she calls, don't answer it and text something like "I got my phone wet and I can only text until I get it fixed". This should make it easier for you to avoid any mention of you seeing a lawyer. If she doesn't already have a lawyer you don't want to tip her off to hurry out and file.

Good luck.
[removed]
I would make the preemptive strike. Get a good family court lawyer, file for sole physical custody, and draft a parenting plan for visitiation. 

Call her on her bluff. And I hope you have been documenting her interactions, or lack there of, with your son. 

You should be prepared to compromise a bit, and make sure that you are not appearing to want cut mom out of your son's life, just formalize the parenting arrangement.
If you get a summons or other legal paperwork, you'll need an attorney to respond. You don't need to acknowledge her threats of court and attorneys but be prepared when you do receive legal paperwork. 

Even though she has been absent for most of his life so far, the court would still allow her to request some custody, parenting time unless she is demonstrably unsafe. It might be a very gradual build up from day time visits of a few hours a couple times a week growing to a few overnights every week.
IMHO, these casual "agreements" between both parents without a formal, court-approved custody agreement always end up going bad sooner or later.

As per much of the advice here, you should definitely consult a lawyer.   I don't know that going scorched earth is the right thing for your child or this situation, but no need to live through years of her "threatening" to sue you for custody.  Get it settled and get a formal custody agreement in place so there is no more of this drama.
This thread has run its course, and good advice had been given. I am locking this to prevent further off-topic comments.
You already had someone tell you exactly what to do. Lawyers, character references, etc. Get them specifically from her family because I feel those will carry the most weight. Obviously your family will think you are the best option and that could be considered biased. But for HER family to say she is unfit...oh man. Still get your family to do it too though because showing that support is important. It's not just you, it's you, your gf, your family, your friends, the ex's family. Next, make sure she will not be able to pick him up from school. Make it clear with the school that she is his mom but not his caregiver. Schools have likely seen it all when it comes to child custody and have the best interests of the kids in mind. Talk with your  son and tell him he is to get you or your gf if mom ever shows up. If you have any old messages where she is showing that she isn't a mom, collect them. Anything that could possibly be in your favor, collect it and give it to your lawyer. I can't see her NY lawyers having much to stand on (I'm really not sure) but I think it would remain a case specifically in your state. I hope everything works out for you, OP. I have a 9 year old son and his father is not the best so I know the worries.
You describe a situation that borders on abandonment.  Rather than focusing on the length of the contact, if you can prove 1 year of no contact, that may qualify for abandonment.  Look to see if that is met and take all the dates of contact.  You don't need to be too worried, but you should file in court first.  Get a child support order, and file for sole custody.  You'll need a lawyer to help you through.
NAL 



First things first. Look up your states and her states phone recording laws (for example in Oklahoma you can record a conversation between you and somebody else and only one person of that conversation needs to know about that conversation is being recorded however both people need to be physically in Oklahoma) and invest in a app that records those calls and back them up to a physical device and to a cloud storage.

Second see if you can switch all communications to email. This will give you butt loads of proof. Save all forms of written communication. Even though screen shots and back them up to the same physical device and cloud storage. 

Her telling you that you should pay for all his schooling and everything because you are the main caretaker Is basically her admitting that you have primary custody of your son (not solo custody this is a huge difference). Make sure you have this in some sort of writing. Email would be best but text message would work. Make sure it is in writing I cannot stress that enough. Get your son's school records your school records and medical records that show your address this should help establish your son's residency in your state. I would even go as far as to get any receipts you can from his doctor that you've paid for his co-pay or anything else like that as proof that you are taking care of him financially and making sure that he's getting the care that he needs both physically mentally and educationally. 

Contact a lawyer and make a plan to hire him. Then go file for child support. Either through the attorney or through child support services which should be free to file. Chances are she will fight you in court over this but you will get child support. When it comes down to the custody however you will then bring out your attorney who will take over from there. Make sure you have all your evidence in order and make multiple (digital) copies. Your lawyer will let you know if you need hard copies of anything.


Adding: highly suggest you set up an email and a cloud storage solely dedicated for recording communications with her.
this is all excellent advice.  I'm not sure if this is mentioned elsewhere but start keeping a written record of every contact she has with him.  Every phone call, when it was and how long it lasted, same for every ipad message.  Make a note of any thing he receives from her (like 7/28/20, birthday card).  When I went through this with my son (I'm his mom but the situation was similar) the lawyer told me to get a day planner or a calendar and literally write everything down.
NAL, but based on her comments and attitude I would wanna go ahead and get the ball rolling legally. I think her claims and threats are baseless so I don't think you should be too stressed about it but nonetheless she will continuously have this threat over you (as well as legal backing to come take your kid whenever she wants) until you guys get something nailed down in court. The more documentation you have, the more level-headed you are, the more the court's will be on your side. You're not going to lose your son. Don't tell her about talking to a lawyer! You want her to be as blindsided by this as possible or I'm sure she'll start a smear campaign.

Good luck, you sound like a great dad
[removed]
[removed]
[removed]
It doesn’t hurt or change anything just to talk to a lawyer to get their advise. What comes after that is entirely up to you. At least you’ll know what you’re looking at.
I'm so sorry that has happened to you. But what you need to do is get a lawyer, record all her acts (e.g. Facebook) and keep all your receipts, get doctors records etc. to show to the court that YOU have been the only one who has helped your child and YOU'VE been the only one who has actually helped for his upbringing. Also, reeve bank statements as they will show that YOU are the own paying for everything, good luck.
[removed]
[removed]
[removed]
This is too long. Cut it way down for better responses. 

Are you on his birth certificate? Did you sign a document acknowledging paternity? Is there a court order saying you are the dad? Were you and mom married when the child was born?

Edit to clarify why I'm asking these questions. Whether you are the legal father directly impacts how worried you should be in this instant. If you aren't the legal father, Mom can pick up the child right now and you can't stop her. You can of course file to have the child immediately returned, but keeping the child with you is preferable to trying to return the child to safety.
[removed]
Yes, take her to court. You don’t have to get an attorney if money is a problem. You can do all your own paperwork.Thank you for posting an update!  All update posts are automatically locked due to a historical lack of on-topic discussion.  This is a forum for legal advice and if none is sought, none will be offered.   If, however, your post also contains a new question, please [message the moderators](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=/r/legaladvice&subject=Re-approve%20my%20comment&message=https://www.reddit.com/r/legaladvice/comments/rz8d88/update_recently_settled_a_custody_dispute_and/%20\(please%20leave%20this%20so%20we%20can%20reference%20your%20comment\)) for a review. 

A typical custody order will address which parent pays for health insurance, how parents will split medical costs and bills, and whether one or both parents will have the final say on major medical decisions. What does yours say about this? If nothing then, in general, “legal custody” allows both her and you to make medical decisions on your child's behalf. Speak to your attorney, the one who arranged the current custody order.

That's the legal question. The medical question is far more complicated and cannot be answered here. As an aside, if someone is on an antidepressants it can be very dangerous for them to miss a few doses or sometimes even a single dose. If I were you I would speak with the doctor myself, aside from the legal issue of custody.
You should not be discontinuing a child's prescribed medication without consulting a doctor. Preferable the prescribing doctor.

Antidepressants require step-down procedures and can have significant deleterious effects if abruptly stopped.
To all of the people thinking they need to suggest to OP to call CPS, I want you to do this. Stop and take a breath before you type. Take your hand off your keyboard or mouse. Look at it carefully. Then slap yourself as hard as you can for thinking that is anywhere remotely to good legal advice for this situation.

Now, I want you to sit there and think about what CPS does. Do you understand what CPS does and how that's accomplished? If you don't know. Read this. 

CPS is a state agency that intervenes in parent(s)/guardian(s) lives and their children when there is a ***situation that warrants state intervention because the child is in immediate danger.*** That is ***not*** the case, here. CPS isn't going to override the decision of a licensed medical professional to prescribe a child medication. A CPS case worker has no training in medical concerns that's going to trump a doctor's training.

Second, do you really understand the process of a CPS investigation? If you think that CPS is the answer to this situation, then no, you do not. When CPS is called to investigate a matter, they don't just investigate the parent that is reported. They investigate all parents and all other people who have custody and visitation over the child. It does not matter if you were the one that called CPS. You are all treated the same way, subjects of the investigation. If CPS finds something that requires them to intervene, everyone will be treated as a defendant in a CPS matter. As a defendant in that matter, you have very little control over the process. CPS may decide to do something that is completely opposite of what you want as a parent for your child and you'll have to go through the same hoops as the other parent/guardian in order for you to get back to where you were with your child.

CPS is the last ditch effort to keep your child from danger. It is not the first stop you make in a relatively minor custody dispute. If you're a parent that still has his/her rights to the child, you ***always*** have the ability to bring a private action in regards to custody of your child. You can even file for emergency custody if you feel that a more immediate measure is needed. You have full control over those situations. CPS doesn't even have to be involved. Why would OP subject himself to a CPS investigation and have a file created on him and his child, when he can accomplish a more direct and private approach to the problem?

OP has a solution to this problem laid out in an order of the court. If there is a dispute, OP can mediate it. If mediation fails, OP can then seek, on his own volition and not the state's, to get a decision on whether or not it's in the best interest of the child to remain on the medication through the family court system.  That will probably also include getting second opinions from actual licensed medical professionals to weigh in on the child's well being. That is the smart and prudent thing to do here.
Modnote: We are getting close to locking this thread due to bad and off-topic (i.e. not legal) advice, but for now I am posting a warning to keep answers to accurate legal advice,.

[Internet Ghost wrote a tip for you who think you know (but do not) know the correct path of action. Please read it.](https://www.reddit.com/r/legaladvice/comments/dx74q1/my_daughter_8f_came_home_from_school_yesterday/f7o0slg?utm_source=share&utm_medium=web2x)

&#x200B;

Edit: We have since locked the post for continued wrong/OT answers. Sorry.
[removed]
[removed]
[removed]
[removed]
[removed]
[removed]
[removed]You need to hire a lawyer.  That's part of your assets and per your agreement he's obligated to hand half of that over.  Do you have the 50/50 agreement in writing?
Seconding the advice to contact a lawyer, but as an aside, it is possible that a crypto investment of $20,000 from a few years ago is worth only $7,000 today, depending on what the investment was and when exactly it was made.  Most (if not all) of the market is worth considerably less than it was at the late 2017/early 2018 peak.
NAL. You need a lawyer. I can provide some info on how to account for the crypto. 

Information you need, which a lawyer may help you get:

1. Which exchange your ex used to purchase the crypto. Your bank statements will show where the $20,000 were transferred to.

2. Full deposit/withdrawal history for all crypto exchange accounts. Start with the exchange that received $, and check whether crypto was transferred from that exchange account to any other exchanges.
* copy the crypto addresses in the withdrawal history and paste into the appropriate block explorer(s). Addresses that are known to belong to crypto exchanges are typically labeled as such when viewed on block explorers.

3. If crypto was withdrawn to addresses that do not belong to other crypto exchanges, your ex needs to account for those withdrawals. 

* Are they personal wallets? Block explorers will show you the current balances of those addresses, whether the crypto has been sitting in those wallets or was again transferred elsewhere. If your ex was trading crypto he may have transferred back and forth between personal wallets and crypto exchanges.

* if your ex claims certain withdrawals are purchases, he should be able to produce receipts or some kind of documentation. Alternatively if the crypto was sent to an address owned by a merchant, this may be possibly inferred from the transaction activity associated with the address. (I.e. deposits from several other addresses, much higher transaction volume/frequency than your ex would be having in a personal wallet).

* at the end of the day a lawyer will be needed to compel your ex to do anything, but the information above should give you a ballpark value. your ex('s lawyer) can argue with your lawyer about any discrepancy between their estimate and yours. 

* if there are significant withdrawals to other addresses that can't be accounted for, i.e. the crypto has been parked at those addresses but your ex insists he doesn't own them, you may not get any proof that he actually owns that address until the crypto gets transferred back to an address known to be owned by your ex. Hopefully you don't have to wait for that, but that's an issue for the lawyers/judge. 

* the more investigation and documentation you can do on your own, the less you will have to pay out the nose for others to investigate.

The crypto is as untouchable as your ex. He's still subject to the law and legal rulings.
Do you know how the crypto was purchased? As in, did you buy them using a bank account/wore transfer or did you do the anynonmous stuff and buy it from a private individual independent of an exchange? 

That's extremely important. For example, Coinbase accounts can be linked to bank accounts. Major exchanges usually comply with KYC laws or require you to link your wallet to a bank account.

If the crypto was purchased via a bank transfer or card, then you could get the bank statement and prove the wallet/assets exist. 

Since he admits in written text messages that the account exists, I would take screenshots of that. In the US, during a divorce you can file for sanctions and contempt if a spouse withholds assets, as well as get a subpeona for the account. 

Again, if the assets were purchased via bank transfer, they are traceable. Yes, crypto can be bought anynonmously but people who aren't hardcore in to crypto usually don't jump through all those hoops. 

The second a bank account is used to purchase crypto, the funds are almost always traceable. 

Also, if you invested $20,000 and he's claiming there's $7,000, that proves he has access to the account (or someone does). 

Australia does charge capital gains taxes if crypto is used as an investment. If your ex is withholding access to the wallet and hasn't paid taxes, that could potentially be serious issue. 

Here are a few articles that discuss cryoptocurrency and divorces in Australia: 

https://www.fortyfourdegrees.com.au/family-law-and-crypto

Relevant passage: 

"The difficulty arises when one partner is hiding cryptocurrency and the other partner has reason to suspect they are hiding it.

At the moment there are no easy means for establishing whether crypto-assets exist, particularly if the partner has taken active steps to cover the traces.

While uncovering crypto-assets purchased from an exchange linked to a bank account is not a problem, it becomes more problematic when cryptocurrency was purchased through other means and then stored in a hard wallet. It becomes a matter of forensically tracing the money spent by the other party which can lead to the significant increase in legal costs." 


More sources: 

https://www.mondaq.com/australia/Family-and-Matrimonial/699246/Separation-in-the-age-of-cryptocurrency

https://www.tropicnow.com.au/2017/february/9/local-family-lawyer-gives-tips-on-cryptocurrencies.html

https://nicholeslaw.com.au/why-cryptocurrencies-are-complicating-divorce-settlements/

Information on Crypto and Australian Laws: 

https://complyadvantage.com/knowledgebase/crypto-regulations/cryptocurrency-regulations-australia/

"In 2018, the Australian Transaction Reports and Analysis Centre (AUSTRAC) announced the implementation of more robust cryptocurrency exchange regulations. The new crypto regulations require exchanges operating in Australia to register with AUSTRAC, identify and verify users, maintain records, and comply with government AML/CFT reporting obligations. Going forward, unregistered exchanges will be subject to criminal charges and financial penalties."


"Australian exchanges will be required to register with AUSTRAC (Australian Transaction Reports and Analysis Centre) and meet their obligations.

The changes to the regulation mentioned above will involve mandatory registration and compliance obligations, including:

https://www.cryptoninjas.net/2018/04/02/australian-digital-currency-exchanges-begin-mandatory-austrac-registration/

– customer identification and due diligence
– adopting and maintaining an AML/CTF program—this includes identifying, managing and lessening money laundering and terrorism financing risk
– suspicious matter reporting
– threshold transaction reporting—this involves cash amounts of $10,000 or more
– record keeping."

For an exchange to deal with Austalians, or be allowed to do business in Australia, they have to report/record transactions in excess of $10,000. So if your ex made a purchase of $20,000 of crypto, the exchange should have a record of it. 

Also, talk to an attorney and do research. See if any of your bank accounts have transactions for a crypto exchange. 

Also, are you 100% sure he used the $20,000 and purchased crypto?
If he tries saying he lost the encryption keys to it, you might be able to take other assets of equivalent value.
Edit: am not lawyer, do not reside in au
A significant factoid in this case might be whether or not said crypto is being stored on some website/exchange (as in they have custody of the crypto) or if it's being stored on a personal wallet/address. If third party has it, perhaps they would be an avenue via which one could legally pursue. If it's personally stored, we could do some of our own sleuthing. Do you happen to know or have records of any blockchain addresses involved? They usually look like 20-30 character strings of numbers and letters. Unless it's Monero specifically (untrackable), all other cryptos have public blockchains, aka we can examine the addresses and see whether/where the funds stored at those addresses are still there or have moved...and if they moved, we could see when/how much/where.
Just one comment about this investment having been in cryptocurrency: it really doesn't matter. You have access to other joint assets from which you can extract your share of the estate. You don't need a lawyer knowledgeable in crypto (most won't be, since crypto itself is not worth most lawyers' time, especially family lawyers), you need  a lawyer that is knowledgeable in assessing estate value and getting as much as possible out of a divorce settlement.

Your husband admits to having invested $20k in crypto. If you can get documented proof of that investment (bank statements, other statements showing what was invested, etc), you can use those to assert a claim that the investment is *still* worth $20k at a minimum (especially if the investment was made more than three years ago - most cryptocurrencies are worth more today than they were for most of 2017). That claim would put the onus on your husband to prove that the value of the investment declined since then. 

This is the key part: it doesn't matter if your husband wants to give the keys to that crypto to you. You don't need the crypto to extract your share of value. You can take it out of the house or other liquid assets you have. If you have no liquid assets, your husband can be forced to hand over the keys or face contempt of court charges. And yes, despite what many crypto fanatics tell you, that is definitely a thing.
Depending on the type of crypto it is, it may be impossible to trace. If it's Bitcoin, it should be easy. If it's Monero, he is essentially correct that's it's impossible to trace, unfortunately.
[removed]
> He just tells me “good luck, no one can trace it.”

Hahaha
Try /r/auslegal.
Question: Do you know which exchange he used to deposit USD/EUR/GBP?

Question: Where are the private keys stored? A safe deposit box you could claim to own half of?

Most cryptocurrency is traceable and people can be tracked on fiat gateways (when they convert crypto to fiat and withdraw it to a bank account).

Well known fiat gateway exchanges are Coinbase, Kranken and Gemini. Independent Reserve and Coinspot are Australian gateways. You could get in touch with the fiat gateways to get information on your husband's account. However, you'll probably have to get a lawyer to push this through and get the data shared.

These exchanges have the info to trace what happened to the money - what did your ex buy and where did it go eg which wallet did it go to.  Exchanges can freeze accounts and withdrawals from them and perhaps would do so if there was legal action pending on them. 

Unfortunately, hiring a lawyer to pursue this might exceed anything the cryptocurrency is worth, even if you did find a lawyer to take it on. Governments on the whole have no idea how to even legally define crypto, let alone legislate and litigate around it. 

Furthermore, it would be all too easy for your ex to wash the crypto by trading it for a privacy coin like Monero or Dash which are untraceable. 

I’m not sure legal avenues are going to be helpful here. 

I’m sorry.
Let’s pretend for a second it’s not 20k into crypto and instead it’s 20k you both lent to his friend, or 20k you both agreed to invest into a cash business with no tax records. Point is, you didn’t have control of that money after it left your account or your joint account, and if that’s the case chances are the court doesn’t particularly care what a bitcoin or whatever is.

Firstly, is it true you had little to no control of the funds once you have it to him? If you didn’t even know what you both originally invested in, this could very well
Be the case.

What records do you have to show those funds were from you directly? Did it come from pre-relationship? Are you able to show it was saved up from your salary?

What texts, emails anything do you have to show your shared intention to do with the money? Were any of the transactions labelled.

Disclaimer I do not practise family law, just sharing a bit of information. The thing in Australia is the laws are not very technical, which is supposed to make it fairer (in one of the theories behind it) but is a double edged sword. If the law says you must do something within a time limit, they’re quite flexible with that (drives lawyers who practice in other areas crazy). It also means you can forward basically a multitude of arguments, including a long chain of events. The concept of causation and remoteness is as you might have guessed much more flexible.

I don’t know how far you are in proceedings. If you are in hardship you can apply for a preliminary settlement based on funds you are more clearly entitled to from the asset pool.

If he has been careless with any funds (eg gambling, stupid expenses) they can add it back to the asset pool. The problem is identifying the assets.
Your lawyer should be able to help you with this. 

Cryptocurrency is definitely traceable - individual wallets have a fixed ID and every exchange creates blocks that can be tracked (you might hear people refer to this as a/the block chain). You may need to hire a data specialist/crypto analyst but as long as you have the wallet address you can 100% work out exactly how much is still in it.
[removed]
A feature of a cryptocurrency’s security is its visibility and that every transaction is on the public ledger. Literally anyone on earth with an internet connection can see how much is in his wallet if they know its hash number. 

If you have any record of a transaction that includes the hash code. If it’s Bitcoin, Ethereum, or Bitcoin Cash,  you can simple paste the crypto wallet’s hash number into [this](https://www.blockchain.com/explorer) website and see how much is in the wallet. If it’s not one of those three crypto currencies then you can do a quick google search to find a site that can show you the balance for your shared wallet.
[removed]
How were the coins bought? Do you know how many were bought? If you bought these as a long-term investment and didn't keep trading them, you could use the price of the crypto then and the price of the crypto when he mentioned the $7k figure, to see if they match.

Also do you know where they were bought? Or have any sort of documentation? If you can find documentation you might be able to find the wallet the crypto was transferred to, at which point you could see if they are still there, and if they've been transferred. If they were transferred using simple methods you will still be able to find out exactly how much he has now.

>good luck, no one can trace it

He sounds pretty naive to how crypto works, or he's trying to trick you. Most crypto is absolutely easy to trace (especially if it's bitcoin), and especially so if he moved it from fiat/another resource to crypto and back multiple times. I'm unsure of how it works in Australia, but the courts will likely be able to force him to reveal all of this information.
[removed]
[removed]
[deleted]
Do you have a precise date for when you put in the money?  That and a historical price record would give you a number of bitcoins, and if the money is still denominated in bitcoins, you can convert that to some number of dollars.  If he invested in some less stable coin, that's another matter.

If at any point somebody told you "Good luck, it's untraceable", or "You'll never find the money" about anything, you probably need a lawyer.  If he's actively tried to protect his assets against seizure, you'll never be able to force the issue with crypto like you could open a safe with a blowtorch, but you should otherwise treat it as if he buried his retirement funds in a literal field that only he knows the location of.
You CAN win a judgement if you spend enough but how will it be enforced?
The favorite advice here is to hire a lawyer. A lawyer is going to charge you a 10k retainer...and there is no guarantee they will be able to accomplish anything.
[removed]
Nal but cyber security...K so idk why you're into crypto when he thinks it's "untraceable" but it's the complete opposite. It's a fully transparent ledger of all processed transactions that is MADE for transparency. You even receive 1099's on crypto. I don't know why you invested if you guys don't know what it is, but him saying it's untraceable is an utter lie. Get a lawyer and see what can be done about this.
[removed]
[removed]
[removed]
[removed]
[removed]
if you dont know what the accounts are then odds are they are probably like down 90% unfortunately. you will probably need to sue him since most countries consider crypto an asset so he legally has to split it.
[removed]
If you know the exchange he used and it’s under Australian jurisdiction then you might be able to subpoena them for records of his transactions. He may have kept the Bitcoin in his exchange account. If he moved them out to an offline wallet then it’s a lot harder to trace. Either way you’re going to need a lawyer, but finding a lawyer who has a clue about cryptocurrency might be hard.I'm a lawyer but don't do criminal law. However, I believe Texas does not have a statute of limitations on sexual assault involving a child. Whether your experience and the pictures fit the definition of the various types of sexual assault against a child will be up to the district attorney in your area. Bottom line is that you should not be discouraged to press charges since the statute of limitations may still be open. You need to keep those pictures and speak to a detective in the sex crimes unit of your local PD. From there, the detective will determine if you have a case and refer it to the district attorney's office. 

Alternatively, you may also proceed with a civil suit against your father. You will have to prove damages for a civil law suit, but barring any statute of limitation issues, I think the very nature of the allegations and the pictures will likely result in a settlement outside of court. 

I'm very sorry this has happened to you, but there may be legal recourse available to you if you choose to pursue it.
First of all, I'm terribly sorry your dealing with this- I'm sure it's causing indescribable emotions. I'm not an attorney, but have been a mandated reporter and have had a handful of friends go through this. 

There's an organization called  RAINN (Rape, Abuse & Incest National Network). They provide access to counseling for victims etc. They can can in the short term provide someone to listen, and can get you connected with people who can help you with recovery, or the legal aspects as well. They can be reached by phone or chat.

 [https://rainn.org/about-national-sexual-assault-telephone-hotline?\_ga=2.10646196.1237996370.1570586526-1641665526.1570586526](https://rainn.org/about-national-sexual-assault-telephone-hotline?_ga=2.10646196.1237996370.1570586526-1641665526.1570586526)
You can call the police and report him for being in possession of child porn.

I'm so sorry you are going through this.
IANAL but I am a mandated reporter. 

I had so much anxiety just reading your post and I can't imagine how difficult this must be for you. Step one is to get some professional help from a therapist. Step two is to report the crime. Your father possessing these photos is a crime, even if the statute of limitations on any acts seen within them is past. I would call the local police department and report it. I think possession of child pornography is also a federal crime so you could report it to the Texas Bureau of Investigation as well. Don't let your step-mom or dad know what you found because they might try and destroy evidence. I'm not sure if this would be advisable (IANAL) but you could take the photos to the police yourself to avoid them being destroyed.
Hey OP, I don't have all that much to add to what folks have commented already. But I would like to advise you that pursuing any kind of legal action here is your option and your choice. I would advise reporting your believed perpetrator to appropriate authorities because these kinds of abusers tend to abuse serially. But you don't have to be a witness or bring a civil suit yourself if you decide against it. I would strongly advise you to talk to a therapist you like and trust about your options here. Litigation is often retraumatizing. I understand you feel strongly about what you've seen in these photos, and you should work through your feelings about them and your family with help. But if that's all you want to do here, that's totally valid and okay.
Disclaimer: I am not a lawyer nor an expert on child abuse.  I have worked with women and children in WIC clinics in the past and was a mandated child abuse reporter while there, so I have minimal training. If you suspect abuse occurred I would contact your local DCFS or police department. If not for what you endured, but for the possibility of other children being at risk. 

"If an adult who is responsible for caring for a child is suspected of sexually abusing a child, then the local child protection services should be contacted.  If an adult who is not in a caregiving position with a child is suspected of sexual abuse, the local police should be notified. Concerns about child pornography can be reported to either the local police or cyber crime tiplines." -StopItNow! Foundation
NAL but OP those photos, if they are as you describe, count as child pornography and regardless of the abuse, the possession of those photos doesn't "wear off" the same way. Go to the police.
Not legal advice, but I think you might need psychological advice right now (social worker here.) I’d start with psychologytoday.com, search for your zip code, then filter by 1) your insurance, and by 2) sexual abuse. A session with a therapist would hopefully provide you with immediate care; easier sleep knowing that you are taking active steps to address the problem; and locally specific legal advice on how to proceed further. I’d suggest looking into legal action after your immediate safety and health is addressed.
Report him especially if he has access to children the same age you were then. (Everytime I try to add the link the page freezes. Google Texas CPS Report and you will get the page)  


You can call RAINN at 800-656-HOPE  they have people who are specially trained to help people in your situation. [rainn.org](https://rainn.org) Please reach out to them or to someone you trust. No one should be alone after this type of discovery. I get that you don't want to hurt your Mom, but she loves you and you can support each other.
Contact the police and explain everything.  Give as much detail as possible.  Contact RAINN and/or a therapist for the support you need.  As for your mother, if you are close to her, tell her.  She might be upset but hopefully she'll be there for you as you need and deserve support.

I'm so sorry this happened to you.
Number one? Therapy? You don't have PTSD...but you might soon or worse if you don't cope with this the right way.

File something. It doesn't matter if it goes anywhere, but if it does, you have done more than doing nothing. If it doesn't, then there is a report just in case someone files or has filed before.

Take care of yourself.
This is not really legal advice but please find someone who listens well to process this information with, possibly a therapist if you are open to it.  It may be very helpful to talk through these different decisions with someone who is not connected to the situation and can just be there with you while you process this. 
I would also urge you to report this to child protective services in Texas, in case another individual is at risk or has been affected by this behavior, although I do not know if you are legally required to take any action.
A person that perpetuates this type of crime usually has approximately 20 other victims. You should report this so that this won't happen to any other person. Those that have said that the OP is making this up, we don't know the whole story. Additionally, whether true or made up, it is the responsibility of any adult, that wishes to comment on this thread to handle these kinds of statements in a face value context. We don't know why the OP posted this. We have to assume that OP is telling the truth. It is the best thing to do.
[removed]
[removed]
[removed]
NAL.   You can call CPS (they will tell you what to do).
Go to the police and lock that piece of shit up!!!!
[removed]
[removed]
[removed]
[removed]
[removed]
[deleted]
[removed]
[removed]
[removed]Good morning everyone! It seems it is time for another mod warning: 

[Please make sure that you read the entire page of rules for the subreddit BEFORE you comment](https://www.reddit.com/r/legaladvice/wiki/index#wiki_general_rules). We do not allow personal advice, anecdotal stories, comments that serve only to offer emotional or moral support, or *any other suggestions, comments, or remarks that do not give* ***legal*** *information or address the* ***legal*** *question presented*. This subreddit exists solely to provide ***legal*** answers and guidance for people who come seeking help; this isn't a community engagement or general discussion subreddit. 

We are not going to give additional warnings, so **please be aware that making comments that break sub rules will result in being banned.**  Thanks so much in advance for your understanding and cooperation.
[deleted]
[removed]
Consult a family lawyer. In WA you can initiate "dependency proceedings" to place a child in a home. I don't know much about it but found the following that seems like it applies to you:

Dependency proceedings are one of few proceedings in which the court is directly charged with making findings about abuse, neglect, abandonment, and other maltreatment of a child. Any person may file a petition showing that there is a dependent child and requesting that the juvenile court address placement of the child.

In the context of state law, a “dependent child” is one who: (1) has been abandoned; (2) is abused or neglected by a person legally responsible for the care of the child; (3) has no parent, guardian, or custodian capable of adequately caring for the child such that the child is in circumstances which constitute a danger of substantial damage to the child’s psychological or physical development; or (4) is receiving extended foster care services.
What’s your desired outcome? Do you want to just care for him until family gets it’s act together or some form of him permanently living with you? From what you know of the family, would the parents be ok with the latter?
[deleted]
[removed]
[removed]
Not legal advice, but school advice. You can call the school counselor regarding his situation. McKinney-Vento applies to students who are homeless or couch surfing. He would be eligible for free lunch and extra supports at school. They may even be able to sign him for counseling during the school day depending on the district. Most high school counselors have unfortunately seen this before and hopefully yours will be able to help.
I’m a family law lawyer. File a petition for custody in Family Court. You can probably get the forms on line and may be able to file on line. Just Google your county + family court custody form. Then pay a process server to have Mom and Dad served, it’s usually around $50 and is the best way to have the service affidavit filled out correctly and have them served. You, as petitioner, cannot serve them. You need the ability to make medical and educational decisions, even if you have joint custody with both parents and you have residential custody. So the burden is on you. You could call CPS but there is no danger to the child right now since he’s in your home, so they probably wouldn’t do anything. Good luck. We count on Good Samaritans like you for a lot of our teens.
[removed]
[removed]
[removed]
The only thing I have to add is that, concurrent with finding a family lawyer to advise you, is DOCUMENT. EVERYTHING.   Make sure you document every attempt to contact the north parents.  Document everything you know, or have been told about, the child's prior living situation.  Be sure to specify whether it's things you've personally observed vs. been told, and who told you. 

Document the child's physical condition when he arrived, and how he improves while he's with you. 

Invite him to keep a diary of his own, and please be sure that he has a way to secure it so that no one else can read it unless he chooses to share it. 

These things may not be strictly necessary for you to obtain guardianship, but they certainly won't hurt and will put you in a better circumstance to make clear, definitive, factual statements.  Relying on memory, especially during periods of high stress, is notoriously unreliable.
[removed]
[removed]
Check out the "Child in Need of Services" (CHINS) Program [here.](https://kingcounty.gov/courts/superior-court/becca/chins.aspx). This is a WA state Petition program that goes through courts to help neglected or abused children get out of their home. If you all are willing to take them on, CHINS can grant (up to) a 6 month temporary change of legal residence and responsibility to you. That could give you some breathing room, some legal security, and some time to think about medium/long term outcomes.  

"Once a CHINS petition has been filed, the child may be temporarily placed, if not already placed, by DSHS in a crisis residential center, foster family home, licensed group home facility, or **any other suitable residence to be determined by the Court and DSHS**."

Another way to help is to get them connected with local mental health programs -- most of which will have lots of experience with this and have access/knowledge of programs (like CHINS) that can do more than CPS calls tend to accomplish, which isn't much. 

That being said -- CPS calls can be important when working through social services because its a paper trail that tells a story. There's a reason we have mandated reporters out there and they have to call in things like what you mentioned. CPS will also know about the CHINS program and be able to help via case management. 

Source: I work in WA for Community Mental Health
[removed]
[removed]
[removed]
[removed]
I used to work for child services and can walk you through the first steps. I was not in WA, but these kind of cases have a fairly set play book. 

First questions:

1. Where is the bio father? He would have rights if the child was not adopted by step dad. 
2. Is there a record of abuse with state agencies? 
3. Is he an only child or are there other siblings?

&#x200B;

Actions to take:

1. Call cps yourself. Your local office not the state hotline. Explain the situation, they see this more often than you would think. Don't worry about him being removed. what is important is that the custodial parent left him with you. 
2. This is 1A really, not step 2. The police will be contacted to track down the mum, step dad and his bio dad (if he is living and has not signed over his rights to the child)
3.  The police or county sheriff will grant permission or get permission from the mum to gather his items from his home. Important: If the child or parents have a pet, please take it. The boy needs stability and a pet is a huge comfort. For some reason, if you cannot gain access to the home to retrieve his items, remind him the are just things and can be replaced. Get any pictures you can as well in the home. When things like this go down, photo albums get destroyed by bitter parents and he may want those pictures later.
4. You will have a quick house check to make sure you are able to provide for him. This may include recent pay stubs and will, most likely, include a criminal check. Don't worry if you got busted for weed a decade ago or something dumb, that wont hurt you here. They want the child somewhere safe where he is loved and safe. It is really fucking hard to find people willing to take kids in with the plague going about and keeping him in the same area and school will work in his favour. He will need his own space so make sure you have set up a room or at least a bed and dresser for him in your child's room. I don't recall if you said your child was a boy or girl, but they will need to either have their own room or share with another male child. Even if your child is a girl and they are best friends, no hanky panky will ever take place, they cannot share a room. Or at least make it appear he is staying in another room. 
5. This is critical and will be the toughest part. The young man will have to be interviewed by cps and give a statement. I forgot this above but you will be asked to take him to the doctor or emergency room to be checked for physical injuries or harm. Your child may also be interviewed (this is pretty likely) as will you and your spouse. Do your best to reassure him that whatever he says is fine and there will be no judgement. That nothing he says will change your opinion of him and that you love him and all that. 
6. You will get a stipend for his car or a transfer of whatever benefits his mother had for him. Including any child support from his bio dad, health insurance benefits or food stamps. The point of being a temp guardian or foster parent is that it won't cost you money. Truth is, the payments are not enough and you will pay out pocket for stuff. Anything you buy him, keep the slips as you can put in for it to be paid back by the state or the mother if you get full custody. If you do not need the money, put it aside for him for later. If he stays with you until he is 18, that will help with getting a start on his own or whatever his needs may be later. 
7. Understand this will not be easy, AT ALL, for him. There will teary nights and worry but it sounds like he has the right person in his corner. 

You're amazing OP. So many other kids didn't have a "you" so to speak in their lives as a child when they really needed it.
[removed]
[removed]
[removed]
[removed]
[removed]
[removed]
[removed]
[removed]
[removed]
[removed]Here is the "Resource Parent Handbook"for foster parents from MD. I would check with your case worker (or whomever you deal with) to confirm this is the most current version.  Medical care and -immunizations are addressed on page 33.  It's not entirely clear, but it sounds like you have more rights over medical care if you have guardianship or limited guardianship. In any case, I would call you case worker to learn about what rights you have to consent to medical treatment for the child.

But, good grief, the poor child contracted whooping cough, and the mom is objecting to vaccination!  Ugh.

 [http://dhr.maryland.gov/documents/Foster%20Care/ResourceParentHandGuide2016\_web.pdf](http://dhr.maryland.gov/documents/Foster%20Care/ResourceParentHandGuide2016_web.pdf) 

Edited to add link!
People who have good cases don't threaten to sue over email. They just file lawsuits. Lose exactly zero sleep over this.

&#x200B;

In order to win a lawsuit she would need to prove damages. That is, that there is a specific harm that resulted from your decision to vaccinate. If there is no harm, there is no lawsuit.

&#x200B;

The only point at which you need to be worried about this is if you actually get served process (someone will hand you a thick fold of paper and say "This is a complaint and a summons, you've been served.", or you get a complaint and summons via certified mail). At which point forget everything I wrote up to this point and get a lawyer.
I was an ex foster child and from my understanding it’s actually part of your job to keep up with vaccinations.

Whether you look at it like a job or not, it’s part of what makes you a foster PARENT.
Hi there. Foster care case worker here.

As much as I hate to say it, because in my agency we love a good (within reason) reunification story... but, BioMom seems as if she is on the fast track to having her rights terminated and is grasping at anything and everything she can to make your local agency, and you, look incompetent (or into the "bad guy"). As you might assume, this is an every day thing in foster care cases. 

I'm not sure what state you're in, but in my state (Virginia), when a child comes into custody, the state gets legal custody over that child, meaning they get to make any medical decision that pertains to that child. We typically like to give the BioParent a general "say so", just out of respect. (And also to give an opportunity for the BioParent to bring to light any religious preference, and to provide the required documentation of these preferences). In the end though, it's 100% our choice if that documentation isn't brought to the table. As long as your case worker said it was fine for the child to be vaccinated, then you are covered. 

Secondly, this BioMom needs to be contacting the case worker, not you directly, about the matter. If she is going to attempt to file a law suit, it would fall on your local agency, not on you and your wife, and I can assure you the agency has got an bomb ass attorney who can handle the situation. Do not reply to the BioMom, don't even acknowledge the situation with her. You all have a case worker for a reason, and I promise you that he is going to fiercely protect you.

I hope that is helpful and can alleviate some of your fear. You ladies just stay calm, focus on your family, and keep doing the AMAZING and SELFLESS work that you do every single day. 😊

Edit: Hey! I got my first gold! Thanks so much!
[removed]
NAL but a court bailiff who has sat in tons of child custody cases.

The Bio Mom is going to throw a fit and get outraged regardless of what you do, she may threaten to sue but she won’t. She is just trying to scare you. And she will continue as long as you have custody.  Happens all the time.

If your planning to adopt and the Bio Mom is going to try and get custody back there is going to be a hearing for child custody but you shouldn’t have to hire a lawyer at all. DSS should have an attorney, tell them about your plan to adopt  and ask if they are going to recommend for you to be the custodian or not. If they’re gonna recommend you(over the bio mom) then you won’t even need an attorney to get custody.  

But ask the DSS attorney if you should hire or not. Everywhere is different so I can’t say what I’ve seen here would work for you.

Just hire an attorney when you want to adopt. DSS lawyer if they’re nice enough may even take care of it for you. (Kid out of their custody and at a good home is a double win for them and they may help you cause it also helps them).
IANAL, but I am a caseworker for foster care and adoptions. Might not be the same for all states, but in Illinois, children in foster care must get all their vaccinations regardless of what bioparents say. I've had parents yell at me about it, claiming to have a religious waiver. Ummmm no. 
Social worker here. While the child is in foster care, the state is the guardian, and makes all medical decisions for the child. Parent has no standing to sue.
She has no standing to sue and there are no damages. 

It sounds like she has virtually no, if any parental rights. Like if you're going to be able to adopt her parental rights sound like they might have been terminated. In all honesty if you intentionally harmed the child I don't think she would be the one with standing to sue you. You would get sued and prosecuted criminally for sure, but not by her. The lawsuit would be on behalf of the child, and she has no right to do anything on the child's behalf. 

Also there's no damage. Becoming immune a to a bunch of deadly diseases does not constitute damages. If this was a random child you had immunized without parental consent I think there's still an issue with proving damages (but again it would still be illegal). 

I wouldn't worry about this in the slightest. Here's the thing. Based on everything you said about this woman she has no ability to file a lawsuit on her own. And no lawyer is going to help her file this. You're fine.
If she were to file, she's be inadvertently showing that the child ought not to be returned to her any time soon, because she's several sandwiches short of a picnic.

In the wildly unlikely event that she were to file, you would want to consult a lawyer.  One question you would ask at that time is whether it would be strategically wise to try to remove her complaint to the special federal dispute resolution program for vaccine injuries...

https://www.hrsa.gov/vaccine-compensation/index.html

created under the National Childhood Vaccine Injury Act of 1986, because there are only a few hundred lawyers in the country who understand that system, the rules are byzantine and filled with pitfalls for her,  and there's a pot of money from vaccine makers that's used to pay the few claims that are found to be meritorious.  


What most people don't realize is that suing people costs money. She would not only have to pay a lawyer, but pay to file and pay to serve you. It's not an extreme amount, but do you really think she's going to pay $100 or more to file this frivolous suit?

Just from knowing what those kinds of people are like, I would be absolutely shocked. It's super easy to threaten to sue, but much harder to actually do it. 
You should have a letter of placement and one with your names on it saying you can sign for routine or emergent medical consent. That alone will protect you. 

We had a similar situation. We got a baby boy at 6 months old to foster. Found out he hadn’t even been to a doctor since birth let alone vaccinated 😡. 

We got his first set of vaccines while paternity test was pending. When it came back (as not moms husband) we found out bio dad was a bit of a whack job. He was antivax and said his son couldn’t be given fluoride either including tap water. WTF. Caseworker said we had to abide by his wishes. I should also mention that he (the baby) went to daycare while we had him. 

Anyway poor little guy ended up with influenza & resulting pneumonia at children’s hospital for 4 days. We explained to the doctors & staff at Children’s why he hadn’t had his flu vaccine. They had a CPS worker employed by the hospital who said “let me make a few calls”. 

She came back later that morning and said he was getting vaccinated and they gave him the next round of shots before we left the hospital. She said she talked to a judge she knew who said that he can absolutely be vaccinated while in care. She said that the letter saying we could consent for his routine or emergent medical care covers vaccinations. 
Obligatory IANAL

She has nothing. She *can* take you to court, but all that will happen is a judge agreeing with you that she has nothing. You looked out for your child's basic health and safety, and her nonsense is totally unimportant. She has no say in how you take care of your child; what matters is that you do take care of him (which she clearly didn't, which is why this is a thing in the first place).

&#x200B;

So yes, she can take you to court because anyone can for any ridiculous reason, but a) she probably won't (because she has no case and I really doubt she has an actual lawyer) and b) even if she did the worst you have to worry about is some hassle and lawyer fees (because you will want a lawyer).
Also, it seems that MD requires vaccinations in order for children to go to school. So at one point or another, this kid was going to need their vaccinations anyway. This "case" will go nowhere and I feel that bio mom is only possibly trying to spin the "religious rights" angle to get the kid back. (It won't work)
Were you authorized by the court to vaccinate? I believe DCS has actual custody and should be making these decisions. If DCS told you to do it (and it sounds like they did) don’t worry about it. 
[removed]
Immunizations are required for children in foster care as long as they don’t have any medical issues. Also you technically don’t have custody of that child the state has custody of the child so they would have to sue the state not you
Not a letter but I am fostering to adopt my daughter. In my state the state requires that all kids in the system be up today on vaccinations. I would assume your state is the same. Also my daughter just got out in some meds for her anxiety and of course POS mom freaks about it throws a fit and to calm her DCFS says they will do a second opinion. The second doc said the first did everything right. People with kids in foster care usually are giant losers who's problems are everyone else's fault. No need to sweat about this. If your doctor said it was needed then your are Covered. The letter you got when you got your son should say something about how you have the power to make regular medical decision for your kid. If necessary you are fine. 
>Can she really take us to court? Does she have a case? 

You can take anyone to court in the U.S. for anything.  Will it make her look like she is absolutely insane and definitely should not be raising children?  Yes.  Chill out and hope she sues you.  This is like the best thing for you ever.  Embrace serendipity.  This is like she files an affidavit in court that she is running a crack house.  Encourage her to file against you.  This is the best thing ever for your case.  Lawyers dream about a case like this.  
If anything, this will help you to gain custody. 

Judges only consider "findings" and all the recent studies and findings on the topic of vaccines show that if anything the child is MORE likely to be autistic if it IS NOT vaccinated. Wow, baby is so much better off in your care.
I believe it depends on who has medical custody.  If she lost that with foster care then I don't think she would have a case.

If she retains her medical custody even though you have temporary care, then I believe she would have a case.
Did bio mom sign a consent form for medical  care when the child became a court ward? 
It looks like you already received great advice and I hope everything works out well for you.  

Although it doesnt sound like you are actually getting sued legitimately.  I wish you were though after reading through the comments.  One mentioned that in order to sue for damages they have to prove damage occurred.  Obviously, vaccines are not harmful but having a court ruling stating these facts and more facts about vaccines could help end this pro disease ~~anti vax~~ bull shit.

The court could even rule that unvaccinated children pose significant public health risks for the rest of the population and further limit public spaces they are allowed in since they are actually endangering the rest of the population
Can she even sue you? You’re the foster parents currently. I don’t think she has a case.  In my state if a bio parent sues they have to name the custodian. The agency that holds custody approved the vaccinations. 

Don’t loose sleep. Thank you for being foster parents. 
[removed]
>He was taken from his birth mother because of some child neglect and his mother went to jail. 

Honestly I'd ask the court/a lawyer/caseworker/appropriate party if she was trying to harass/bully/coerce you into committing child abuse to her child in her stead.
[removed]
[removed]
[removed]
[removed]
[removed]
[removed]
[removed]
[removed]
[removed]
[removed]
[removed]
[removed]
[removed]
[removed]
[removed]
I believe in most states it’s illegal to prevent medical treatment based on religion, especially life saving treatments for children under the age of 18.
The only way she would be successful is if you should know of an allergy the child has to an ingredient in the vaccine, or some other medical problem that would not allow the child to have the vaccine.  Beyond that, my non-lawyer self cannot think of anything else that she could use.
[removed]
[removed]
[removed]Thank you for posting an update!  All update posts are automatically locked due to a historical lack of on-topic discussion.  This is a forum for legal advice and if none is sought, none will be offered.   If, however, your post also contains a new question, please [message the moderators](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=/r/legaladvice&subject=Re-approve%20my%20comment&message=https://www.reddit.com/r/legaladvice/comments/f700ps/update_i_am_the_mother_who_disbelieved_her/%20\(please%20leave%20this%20so%20we%20can%20reference%20your%20comment\)) for a review. 

> More than a year ago, I posted a message here on the advice of my son. I’m not sure how to link it but you can view my post history. 
> 
> My daughter disclosed sexual abuse to me from my now ex husband, and in shock, I made every mistake possible. Not only did I doubt her, I was convinced she was lying. 
> 
> There is no excuse, but my children are better than I deserve. I knew immediately that I had to reevaluate. The day after I first posted, I rented a room away from my husband. I called my daughter on the phone and we spoke for hours. We both cried and I apologized. If we were in the same city, I would have thrown myself on my knees. I told her I loved her and she said, “I know. I love you too.” She asked me to see a therapist and I agreed. I also called my son and thanked him for being there for his sister when her own mother was not.
> 
> My children actually suggested this update, although they understandably want details about legal proceedings to be kept private. I still feel both disgust for myself and awe that I have their forgiveness and love despite how I failed them both, but we have worked through so much pain and we are a family. 
> 
> Thank you for your honesty and being the first to open my eyes.




---
LocationBot 4.992 13/71ths | [Report Issues](https://www.reddit.com/r/locationbot)If you received PM's from users of this sub as a result of your post, contact the mods with proof and we'll look into it.
Thank you for posting an update!  All update posts are automatically locked due to a historical lack of on-topic discussion.  This is a forum for legal advice and if none is sought, none will be offered.   If, however, your post also contains a new question, please [message the moderators](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=/r/legaladvice&subject=Re-approve%20my%20comment&message=https://www.reddit.com/r/legaladvice/comments/9v17sx/updatehttpsoldredditcomrlegaladvicecomments9pvzr8i/%20\(please%20leave%20this%20so%20we%20can%20reference%20your%20comment\)) for a review. 


FYI, there have been cases where custody of a child born via IVF has been given to the biological parents after the clinic used the wrong embryo.  I would recommend seeking out a family lawyer and medical malpractice lawyer before talking to the clinic to know what your rights are where you live.
NAL but I work in a fertility clinic and protocol could’ve definitely been broken. Everything is documented and needs to be double checked and in the clinic the patients are given ID numbers. Both the lab and OR need to confirm these numbers match and the specimen matches before the fertilization takes place. I would ask the clinic for this information as you are entitled to your IVF records , normally it’s called a sperm processing form. There should be one for when your wife’s eggs were retrieved as well. There are also embryo reports with hers and your information as well. Check with the clinic then move on from there. Wish you well.

EDIT: added more info on embryos
[deleted]
r/legaladvicecanada would probably be able to help you out. Most of the advice you're getting here is US centric.
Pediatrician not a lawyer.  Just wanted to comment that there can be a wide variation in a baby's skin color compared to their final coloration.  It would not be unheard of for a child of Pakistani heritage to come out looking somewhat caucasian and then getting darker over the next few months.  Similarly, many children are born with blue eyes which then turn brown by around 6 months old.  Same with their hair going blonde to brown which can sometimes take 9months to a few years. 
   I am not trying to argue against testing if you are concerned, rather to say babies can do all sorts of funny things.
Agree with everyone to get DNA done. You say you will get a "DNA kit," but just want to make sure you mean an independent and confidential DNA test and not some Ancestry or 23 and Me test. If the child is not yours biologically and you did a 23 and Me test, it is possible the biological parents could figure out you have their child, which you may not want.
I do not know your location but I can generally give you some ideas. I practice in assisted reproduction.  I am not your lawyer, you really need a family lawyer to give you advice specific to your location and facts. 

You have a chain of custody issue potentially.  You need to have your attorney contact the fertility clinic to attempt to figure out what could have happened, did someone else potentially get your embryo?  Was a baby born from that?  You really will not know where exactly the agency messed up unless you do genetic testing, and even then it could be impossible to determine the genetic parents if you are NOT the genetic parents (the agency would really have to own some of the mistakes in that case). 

If you bring this to the attention of the fertility clinic they may have to inform the potential biological parents and depending on your jurisdiction you may have a custody issue.  In Texas, for example, a woman's maternity can be determined by giving birth.  So your wife could potentially have a maternity claim, but there really isn't case law speaking to what would happen after that. Would you share custody?  Did you get the genetic material of the couple that got your genetic material? 

Sorry for the wall of text my brain is flying thinking of all the different issues you will face.  If I could sum it up: 

1. Hire a lawyer (preferably family law with some assisted reproduction work, there should be a couple of attys in your state that works it most likely).  You may end up needing a lawyer in another state if this is an issue with the storage facility but your lawyer can figure this out. 
2. Family lawyer needs to determine what would happen if - worst case scenario - neither of you are genetically related and maternity statutes do not apply.  Would it be better in the long term to do nothing now but bring this up in years? Is there a SOL on when you know or could have known the child is not genetically yours? 
3. Determine the genetic make-up of the child - is there any possibility a recessive gene suddenly appeared?  Is your child genetically related to one of you if not both? 
4. Attack the chain of command at the agency or dr office that performed the extractions, handled your genetic material, and performed the IVF transfer.  My not be your reproductive endocrinologist - more than likely the extracting facility or potentially storage facility. 
5. Determine damages. 

&#x200B;

Good luck!
Location needed
[removed]
IANAL but this is not a clear cut situation by any measure. There have been cases similar to yours where a clinic mixes up embryos and the baby ends up with its biological parents. Also, surrogacy laws vary by state and you did not provide yours. 

I’m extremely sorry for you that you’re in this situation. It honestly seems gut wrenching and one of those situations where there is no “good” outcome. But this is for sure lawyer territory. Personally I would hire a family law attorney and get their advice on how to proceed before taking any other action.
[removed]
IANAL but this is the best case of action.

1. Private DNA test. Some kits are reliable but some kits are not. Do your research.

2. If the DNA confirms your suspicion, seek out a Family law attorney. See if going after this clinic can cause you to lose custody. If you want that baby, you must be certain it can't be taken from you in your jurisdiction.

3. Once steps one and two have been followed, only then should you seek out a Medical Malpractice attorney.

4. Do NOT contact the clinic at any point. The Malpractice attorney should be the first contact made on this issue, if any. The clinic could try to take the baby to give to the biological parents. Do not contact them. Do not have an attorney contact them unless you are sure this is not an issue in your jurisdiction.

Edit: Someone else made the very good point that a DNA test may create a legal liability. Please consult with an attorney if this is the case in your jurisdiction before having the DNA test done.
Speculating based on your assumption that the child is not biologically yours is unhelpful. Get a DNA test and, if it comes out as you suspect, consult with an attorney.
Yes this is lawyer territory. Get the DNA kit and test. If the kid is not biologically yours then you will want to consult with a medical malpractice lawyer in regards to suing the clinic and get advice on how to legally protect from the biological parents on laying claim to your child. Good luck, hope you update us along the way
First step is likely to speak with the clinic/doctor, and possibly followed by a DNA test.  If you want to.  There's no legal requirement that you do so.  The baby is yours, (almost) no matter what.

>The egg and sperm was supposed to come from us. Did they mess up the  embryo with wrong sperm or egg or did they insert the wrong embryo?

There's no possible way anyone here can know what happened.
[removed]
[removed]
Modnote: [Please be sure to read the subreddit rules in full prior to commenting](https://www.reddit.com/r/legaladvice/wiki/index#wiki_general_rules). This is not a storytelling sub. Please address only the legal question asked, and **refrain from off-topic or unhelpful comments.**   


People who violate sub rules after this timestamp will be permanently banned.

Edit: locking, and I am pretty sure we just banned twenty people for inappropriate comments.  Sorry OP, people here are refusing to read the sub rules or stay on topic. It seems you got several very good answers that haven't been removed.
[removed]
[removed]
[removed]